Egypt is turning into a hot bed of radical Islam. The current protest is another coup attempt.  We should never have abandoned Mubarak.
My   interview from yesterday discussing how  failed to show any leadership on th (cont)   new book #TimeToGetTough -- out Dec 5th -- outlines how to make America rich again. Order now through Amazon    actually spent a full day in Washington. He didn't campaign fund raise or play golf. Shocking.
As of September 30th we have a record trade deficit with China of over $217Billion. They are ripping us off.  #TimeToGetTough
The habitual vacationer-- 9 days before the critical Super Committee deadline traveling.  He failed to lead again.
Why are we giving China foreign aid? Couldn't the Super Committee have agreed to at least cut that outlay? #TimeToGetTough
I dictate my tweets to my executive assistant and she posts them. "Time is money"---The Art of the Deal.
Congratulations to   and  --all listed #1 on  World's Best Business Hotels
In my new book #TimeToGetTough I make a full financial disclosure detailing my net worth.   sanctions alone cannot stop Iran's nuclear drive--and  cannot get China and Russia to agree on new Iranian sanctions.
ObamaCare does indeed ration care. Seniors are now restricted to "comfort care" instead of brain surgery. Repeal now!  failure of the "Super Committee" shows Washington has truly incompetent leaders. #TimeToGetTough
Once Iran has nuclear weapons they will shut down the Strait of Hormuz.  Oil will be over $300Barrel. Iran' (cont)  will soon take all of the oil in Iraq...and Iraq itself---Keep the oil.
Washington will continue to run record deficits into the election. We are borrowing at a rate of $1.40 from China. Truly unsustainable.
Why does  support the radical Islamists in Egypt protests yet has such a high disregard for the Tea Party?
Third quarter GDP was lowered to 2 . There won't be any economic recovery until  is defeated.
I will be signing copies of my new book Time To Get Tough: Making America #1 Again in Trump Tower on Frida (cont)  new book "Time To Get Tough" will be out Dec 5th. Solutions you won't hear from the politicians. The bes (cont)  unemployment is at over 21. Businesses won't hire until  is defeated in 2012. #TimeToGetTough
The CBO has confirmed that  stimulus "crowds out" private investment while not creating any jobs.   continued public threats of annihilating  are unacceptable. Iran's nuclear drive must be stopped. #TimeToGetTough
In order to get elected  will start a war with Iran.
My  interview from yesterday  banks were bailed out by us. They should start lending to private entrepreneurs. The banks are slowing American growth.
America's trade deficit with China is one of our greatest national security threats.  Time for Fair Trade. We must produce our own products.
#trumpvlog  is very inconsiderate...  inconvenient and inconsiderate:  is doing a fundraiser tonight making it almost impossibl (cont)  habitual vacationer:  has campaigned on our dime more than any previous president in history (cont)  how he gets away with it:   is flying around on Air Force One laughing at everybod (cont)  released emails prove that scientists have manipulated data on global warming. The data is unreliable.  is so brazen that they now give us economic advice--they tell us  what to do---much like a strong stockh (cont)  unemployment numbers released later this week will show no job growth.  We must start making our own products again. #TimeToGetTough.
Fitch has downgraded our credit outlook to "negative." Why?  failure to lead with the Super Committee.  it comes to China  practices "pretty please" diplomacy. He begs and pleads and bows--and it' (cont)  special message to the staff of  in celebration of the 2nd anniversary....  ruins the brand:  doesn't belong on  As CM for Mondale in '84 you  lost 49 states. Sad!
The Fed continues to recklessly flood the market with dollars. This will eventually create record inflation. It has to stop. #TimeToGetTough
The worst employee in today's #trumpvlog...  doesn't OPEC lower the price of crude to help avert the European crisis? Crude keeps rising during the dow (cont)  Former Speaker Newt Gingrich next week. On the Agenda---defeating  "The Art of the Deal" is a must read then #TimeToGetTough" is my opus.  It is available Dec 5th!
He ruins the brand:  doesn't belong on  . As CM for Mondale in '84 you lost 49 states. Sad!
The new job figures don't include 315000 people who have given up looking for jobs.
Don't forget next Friday December 9th: I'll be signing my new book  in Trump Tower from 11 a.m (cont)  my message to  America is a capitalistic country. Get over it and get on with it!  #TimeToGetTough
My new book tells some harsh truths and lays out some bold plans. Time for America to be #1 again.  #TimeToGetTough
We are building China's wealth by buying all their products even though we make better products in America.
When it comes to China  practices "pretty please" diplomacy. He begs and pleads and bows---and it (cont)  Making America #1 Again--my new book--available today.   The book both China and OPEC do NOT want you to read.
Met  at Trump Tower today. He's a big thinker.
First there was the Declaration of Independence then there was the Constitution. Now there is #TimeToGetTough. Available today.
I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about "onshoring"? We need to bring manufa (cont)   Trumps Warns of Obama Tipping Point that May Destroy America    via  this from a guy who lectured Americans about tightening their belts:  bashes rich people an (cont)  you know that one of seven Americans is now on food stamps? Think of it. In the United States the most pr (cont)  immigration is a wrecking ball aimed at US taxpayers. Washington needs to get tough and fight for "W (cont)  -six million Americans---more than at any time ever in the history of this country--now live under the poverty line. #TimeToGetTough
Call me old school but I believe in the old warrior's credo that "to the victor go the spoils." In other word (cont)  Reagan put it best: "Welfare's purpose should be to eliminate as far as possible the need for its own existence."
Canada's legal immigration plan starts with a simple and smart question: How will any immigrant applying fo (cont)  it straight: Pakistan is not our friend. When our tremendous Navy SEALS took out Osama bin Laden they did (cont)  we like it or not oil is the axis on which the world's economies spin. It just is. When the price o (cont)  is the GOP establishment so threatened by the Newsmax -  debate? More debate is always better.
"The Architect"  is directly responsible for losing both houses   becoming President. Ignore him.
My  interview duscussing my meeting with  the Newsmax- debate and #TimeToGetTough   will be signing copies of my new book TIME TO GET TOUGH tomorrow Dec 9th in Trump Tower from 11 a.m. to  (cont)   interview with    discussing the Newsmax- debate and #TimeToGetTough     interview with  discussing the Newsmax- debate #TimeToGetTough and the 2012 race  to have  endorsement of the Newsmax- debate. Sarah is terrific.
My  interview with  discussing the Newsmax- debate #TimeToGetTough the GOP and the economy  is a bit appealing about this idea of Trump hosting a debate is consider the diverse audience that perh (cont)  clip of my upcoming interview with  discussing #TimeToGetTough  and the Islamist winter   to have  and the FFC's endorsement of the Newsmax- debate. FFC  is a great organization.
Jeffrey Lord former Reagan adviser has endorsed the Newsmax- debate with a great article  know what is the worst part of  Tuesday speech playing class warfare--we paid for it with our tax dollars.
Why does  continue to defend radical Islam? He is calling the Ft. Hood massacre "workplace violence."
Newsmax is a great news organization and its pres debate in IA on Dec 27 will be fair balanced and informative.  is a great news org and and its pres debate in IA on 12-27 will be fair balanced  and informative."  be signing copies of my new book "Time To Get Tough" tomorrow in Trump Tower--11 am to 2 pm. Hope to see you there.
I'll be signing copies of my new book "Time To Get Tough" today at Trump Tower--11 am to 2 pm. Hope to see you there. #TimeToGetTough
Be sure to stop by Trump Tower today -- I'll be signing copies of my new book "Time To Get Tough"  from 11 am to 2 pm.
Trump Tower is located at 725 Fifth Avenue between 56th and 57th Streets...
Looks like the line has started be sure to join me for book signing   starting at 11am to 2 pm here in Trump Tower.
#TimeToGetTough presents bold solutions on taxes national security the debt dealing with OPEC and China and defeating  the GOP Establishment really wants to defeat  then they should read #TimeToGetTough.
My interview on  with Jon Gambling discussing #TimeToGetTough meeting  and the 2012 election  I explained to  on  why  doesn't deserve credit for killing Bin Laden  The crowd at the book signing at Trump Tower in NYC right now...  that   Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax- debate. The Tea Party Express is a great group.
A  great crowd at Trump Tower for #TimeToGetTough book signing!
Iowa Congressman  has endorsed the Newsmax- debate. He has been doing great work in the House.
Rick Santorum making a strong point on the Newsmax- debate:   calls Trump debate skippers "hypocrites"    was the Hanukah celebration held in the White House two weeks early?  wants to vacation in Hawaii in late December. Sad.
Excited that  Amy Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax-iontv debate. The Tea Party Express is a great group.
My  interview with  discussing the 2012 election and the Newsmax- debate  FoxBusiness interview with Don Imus discussing #TimeToGetTough the GOP primary and the Newsmax- debate  these guys have any integrity they'd say no to MSNBC -- a network that few watch and is very negative.  re debate.
I was on a tele-townhall with  and hosted her 4 times in Trump Tower yet she declined the Newsmax- debate. No loyalty.
Why did  let Iran keep our drone? Now it is going straight to the Chinese. He should have taken it out.
 has accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 Presidents combined. He is simply out of control.
A clip from my  interview discussing how  Newsmax- debate is determining the GOP primary polls  interview on  discussing #TimeToGetTough the GOP primary and the Newsmax-  debate(starts at 23:00)  sold out of #TimeToGetTough in the first week. More copies have been ordered for holidays. Don't worry.
Tonight I will be signing copies of #TimeToGetTough in Westbury at Costco 1250 Old Country Rd from 6 pm to 8 pm
We need a dealmaker in the White House who knows how to think innovatively and make smart deals. #TimeToGetTough.
Look here's  the deal:  has been a total disaster. He has spent this country into the ground and destroyed jobs #TimeToGetTough
The Mullahs are laughing at what they think is a very stupid president has "asked" for Iran to return the drone #TimeToGetTough
Don't forget my book signing tonight at Costco on 1250 Old Country Road in Westbury NY from 6-8 pm. Hope to see you there.
#trumpvlog Why I cancelled the "great debate".....  handed Iraq over to Iran yesterday?  We have gotten nothing from the Iraqis-- we should have them pay us back with oil.
#trumpvlog NY Area- Two book signings- Tonight and Thursday....  unemployment is 20. We must simplify the tax code and start making our own products again to bring our jobs back from overseas.
I'll be signing copies of my new book  tomorrow at Trump Tower (5th Avenue between 56 and 57) from noon to 2pm.
He says he will spend $1 B to get re-elected:  I can match him--preserving my options.
#trumpvlog Same last name same bad ratings-  and   of e-mails from folks urging me to seek the Americans Elect Presidential nomination.
Check out my new book  "Time To Get Tough: Making America #1 Again"   interview with  discussing why I will not be moderating the Newsmax- debate  feel sorry for Rosie 's new partner in love whose parents are devastated at the thought of their daughter being with  true loser.
#badratings  show failed at 8pm and is failing(even worse) at 10pm- not long for tv.....
#badratings  you will never make it. You are not funny or talented.
Save your time  and focus on your horrible ratings and don't mention my name on talk shows anymore or you will get more of the same.
My  interview with  explaining that I am keeping all my options available for 2012  interview with  of  discussing #TimeToGetTough GOP primary and my 2012 options   this about   if Iran is going to take over the oil I say we take over the oil first by hammering out a cost-sharing plan with Iraq."#TimeToGetTough
It has been great to meet so many wonderful people in my #TimeToGetTough book signings. Anyone who wants to be Prez should read!
"We have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers." #TimeToGetTough
The Mullahs laughed when  "asked" Iran to return our drone--they will show it to China first.
Iran is closing the Strait of Hormuz for a military exercise. Imagine what they will do with nukes?!
The habitual vacationer  has sacrificed so much. He is delaying his 17 day Hawaii vacation a couple of hours.
Hope to see you tomorrow in Trump Tower (5th Ave betw 56 and 57) -- I'll be signing copies of my book #TimeToGetTough from noon until 2 pm
The first book signing at Trump Tower for #TimeToGetTough was so popular that I'm doing another one today from noon to 2pmTrump Tower
It is great to meet fellow patriots at the #TimeToGetTough book signings. Can't wait to meet more today at Trump Tower from 12PM to 2PM
"Let me put this as plainly as I know how: Iran's nuclear program must be stopped--by any and all means necessary. Period." #TimeToGetTough
#noratings  will soon be off tv- bad ratings- he has a face made for radio.
With the number of tweets sad sack  has done she has totally lost control of herself-- hopefully not a breakdown.
More people attend a  rally than watch  on  all week.  is very lonely. (cont)  send a psychiatrist to help  shes in a bad state. To  girlfriends parents--- get (cont)  China is laughing....  speeches and memoirs created jobs then  would be Ronald Reagan.
This is what  thinks: that America would be better off if we acted more like European socialist (cont)  biased:  made 'The Protester' as the person of the year.  celebrates OWS but vilified the Tea Party last year.
Thanks to everyone who has waited in the long lines at the #TimeToGetTough book signings. It is great to meet fellow patriots.
"I believe this book will rock a lot of people. Don't just read #TImeToGetTough but share it with your friends and family!" -RushLimbaugh
Your civil liberties mean nothing if you're dead. That's why the single most important function of the federal (cont)  maybe my biggest beef with Obama is his view that there's nothing special or exceptional about America. #TimeToGetTough
My interview with  in her  special 'Most Fascinating People of 2011'   piece - ' What I've Learned'  total lightweight:  continues to give the worst responses on China in the debates. I can see why (cont)  lightweight  used my name in a debate for gravitas--it didn't work. Sad!
China just put a tariff on US cars and trucks--22--China is laughing at our inept leaders.  is setting crude at $94barrel on 'signs US economy is improving.' OPEC uses any excuse to rip us off and our leaders just watch.
I'll be on  with Andy Dean at 6:30 ET today talking about last night's  debate.   interview with Andy Dean on  I told him what I really thought about the  debate.  a record deficit and $15 trillion in debt  is spending $4 million of our money on his Hawaii vacation. Just plain wrong.
Barney Frank admited that ObamaCare does have 'death panels' yesterday. Obamacare must be fully repealed or healthcare will be destroyed.
Congratulations to my son Eric for making the Forbes 30 under 30 list. He's done a great job!   in political turmoil one day after we leave---I told you so.
Dummies left Iraq without the oil--not believable!
China taxing imports from the US --22-- why aren't we taxing China?
"We need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth savings and investment." #TimeToGetTough
"It's a plain fact: free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone."#TimeToGetTough
We're all proud of  for being on  30 Under 30 list.  great gift idea is my new book #TimeToGetTough easy to order on Amazon     are we going to wake up and realize that we are funding our enemies?"  #TimeToGetTough
"People who have the ability to work should. But with the government happy to send checks too many of them don't." #TimeToGetTough
"He thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the government-- doesn't respect the fact that the (cont)  thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the gov't.  doesn't respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us.
What a shock! The U.S. Capitol Christmas tree pays homage  but failed to mention Jesus.
Joe Biden said that the Taliban 'is not our enemy.' I wonder how our troops in Afghanistant that are under attack view Biden's statement.
Tom "marbles in his mouth" Brokaw once thanked me for the great success of the Apprentice for NBC. Now he calls (cont)  average family has spent $4155 this year filling up the car on $3.50gallon average. Both record highs. (cont)  last minute shopping my new book #TimeToGetTough is a great choice... interview with  discussing #TimeToGetTough my 2012 plans and Iraq    still can't believe we didn't t take the oil from Iraq.
I really enjoyed last night's Tele-Town Hall with  Faith and Freedom Coalition. Thanks to the thousands who joined.
"The sad truth is some Republicans in Congress are clueless when it comes to negotiation."  #TimeToGetTough
"Obamacare has to be killed now before it grows into an even bigger mess as it inevitably will." #TimeToGetTough
The WH yesterday defended Biden's comments that the Taliban aren't our enemy. When did the American people decide this?  is delusional:  believes that he is the 4th best POTUS ever.
Congratulations to  for winning a spot on the California 2012 ballot. A major feat!    Frank looked disgusting--nipples protruding--in his blue shirt before Congress. Very very disrespectful.
My  interview with  discussing how  is delusional and how a 3rd party candidate can win.  than a week after we leave Iraq the country is already unraveling.We got nothing from the Iraqis and now (cont)  new book #TimeToGetTough is the best present of the holiday season. A great gift for anyone who cares about this country.
We have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy. Hes also (cont)  thing about high corporate tax rates is that in the end companies arent the ones who foot the bill consumers do. #TimeToGetTough
Consider the fact that for every gallon of gas you put in your car you pay 45.8 cents in state local and federal taxes. #TimeToGetTough
Even if  stays in DC taxpayers will pay millions for his Hawaii vacation when Americans are struggling  week after Biden says that the Taliban is not our enemy the Taliban demand that we pay Iraq for a 9 year occupation.  safest way to preserve Medicare is with a robust and vibrant economy. We should lower corporate and capital gain taxes immediately.
The Keystone pipeline will create 20000 jobs and make us less energy dependent from the Middle East.  says No!
In order to preserve my options and guarantee that  is defeated I changed my voter registration to independent.
The habitual vacationer  is now in Hawaii. This vacation is costing taxpayers $4 milion   while there is 20 unemployment.
Govt. collapsing in Iraq only 2 weeks after withdrawal of our troops. Sadly I called this one and please remember I alone called it.
The Keystone pipeline will create 20000 jobs and lower gas prices. But Obama says No. Dumb.
China hacked the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and now has the information of all 3 million members. China keeps (cont)  is expanding its military bases abroad. We must expand our naval fleet. Now is no time for defense cuts. (cont)  tops  500 Best Hotels in the World! Congrats     for your favorite TRUMP HOTEL COLLECTION hotels in Travel  Leisures 2012 Worlds Best Awards Survey  a convenient mistake:  issued a statement for Kwanza but failed to issue one for Christmas.  Fed's reckless monetary policies will cause problems in the years to come. The Fed has to be reined in or we will soon be Greece.
China has 5 oil projects in Iraq and we didn't get anything from the Iraqis except asked to leave. Iraq is going (cont)  important that we help poor people to become independent self-sufficient individuals who gain the benefits of work." #TimeToGetTough
He is destroying our country: has requested to raise our debt limit to over $16.4Trillion by the end (cont)  Elect on track to put an Indy Presidential candidate on the ballot in all 50 states.
I predicted the 911 attack on America in my book "The America We Deserve" and the collapse of Iraq in  Mar-a-Lago Club has the best meatloaf in America. Tasty.  right TPM is wrong -  did not issue a special statement for Christmas--however he issued one (cont)  wasted billions and precious lives in Iraq and Iran will soon take control--very very sad.
I like Russell Brand but Katy Perry made a big mistake when she married him. Let's see if I'm right---I hope not.
NYC should hold a parade for returning Iraq and Afghanistan veterans.
I play golf to relax. My company is in great shape.  plays golf to escape work while America goes down the drain.
When will the US government finally classify China as a currency manipulator? China is robbing us blind and  defends them.
The Washington Establishment will never rein in government spending waste fraud and abuse. A great thinker and outsider is needed.
My  interview discussing the "Make America Great Again" Texas filing and the Iowa caucus   interview with  discussing the GOP primary my 2012 options and why  must lose  will be on the  tomorrow morning to make a major announcement about a television show. Stay tuned!
"The Democrats' solution is the same solution they have for everything--tax tax tax. Just one problem: it doesn't work"  #TimeToGetTough
"The Wall Street Journal has reported that Obama's food stamp policies are ushering in a massive 'food stamp crime wave.'" #TimeToGet Tough
"To have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system" #TimeToGetTough
Michele Bachmann will finish dead last tonight in Iowa because she is disloyal and a terrible boss. Sadly it is over for Michele.
A good friend:  More importantly she is a tremendous voice for policies that would put America on (cont)  knows he won't have to spend much:  has offered to match any donation dollar for dollar.
I am honored that Texas supporters have filed papers in Texas to create "Make America Great" Party on my behalf.   investment triumph--the $500Billion American funded Finnish plug in cars are all being recalled  to  for coming out of Iowa a winner!
Michele Bachmann got less than 1200 more votes in the Caucus than she did in the Ames Straw Poll. Very sad for her--a nice woman!
He should be ignored:  foreign policy is a dream come true for our enemies. He has zero chance to beat  President  China has experienced unusually fast gains and America unusually fast losses." #TimeToGetTough
"I have so much admiration and respect for the 2.4 million men and women of our Armed Forces." #TimeToGetTough
"If history teaches us anything it's that strong nations require strong leaders with clearly defined national (cont)  left Iraq and it is quickly falling apart--what a waste of lives and money--and so obvious.
Michele Bachmann just dropped out of prez race--- when she didn't do the Newsmax debate it showed great disloyalty and people rejected her.
Celebrity Apprentice continues to be a top ten trend on twitter this morning  cares" about the Iowa straw poll is what  said yesterday. His problem is that nobody cares about his campaign (or him).
Michelle Obama likes to be addressed as "Your Excellency."  She is an excellent spender of taxpayer money on herself.
Iran has warned the US not to send an aircraft carrier back into the Strait of Hormuz. We should send three as a (cont)   interview where I reveal the new cast of Celebrity Apprentice and discuss the GOP primary field  plan to have Russia stand up to Iran was a horrible failure that turned America into a laughingstock."  #TimeToGetTough
"Beyond simple justice and beyond reducing our national debt another advanage of taking the oil is that it (cont)  Americans understood just how many hidden government fees and taxes are absorbed into the prices of the (cont)  new season of the Celebrity Apprentice begins Feb. 12--be prepared for the best season yet!  is driving the price of gold up in order to ease pressure against Iranian sanctions.   vacation is costing taxpayers millions of dollars----Unbelievable!
"People who have the ability to work should. But with the government happy to send checks too many of them don't." #TimeToGetTough
"If other countries benefit from our armed forces protecting them those countries should pay for the protection."  #TimeToGetTough
"Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take decisive action." #TimeToGetTough
Now  is planning to have we the taxpayers pay off mortgages--he will spend this country into the ground.  is the sincerest form of flattery - "Huntsman goes Donald Trump"   -  has actually found a government program he can cut in half - the Defense Department...bad (cont)  sure to watch my interview on  tonight!
"Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does it slows growth and kills jobs." #TimeToGetTough
My  interview from this morning    of creating new jobs Obamacare is destroying jobs. And the worst part is yet to come since the truly (cont)  when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs Obama has been a total disaster."  #TimeToGetTough
???  held a raffle with donors for a lunch in the White House. The winners were conveniently all (cont)   wants to slash a Trillion dollars from military spending while raising the salaries of (cont)  do you need a photo ID to buy a drain cleaner   not to vote?
ObamaCare is such a national treasure that  has waived over 1200 companies from the law    interview with  where I discuss my potential GOP endorsement and the NH primary  American wealth will require that we get tough. The next president must understand that America's (cont)  need a president who knows how to get things done who can keep America strong safe and free and who can (cont)  damage that Democrats weak Repubicans and this disaster of a president have inflicted on America has put (cont)  is why  is a winner. He lays everything out on the field. He never quits and never gives up. That's why he is a success.
New Hampshire has a major decision to make today. Hopefully we won't have to hear any more Mandarin spoken in future debates.
3 Chief of Staffs in less than 3 years of being President: Part of the reason why  can't manage to pass his agenda.
Why are we building a $1Billion embassy in Iraq when the country kicked us out didn't give us any oil  is about to get taken over by Iran?
OPEC has just raised oil to over $102Barrel. And  still won't approve the Keystone Pipeline. Does he want high gas prices?
"President Reagan had it right: Social Security is here to stay. We must root out the fraud and make it more (cont)  real president should take pride in saving and spending your money wisely not funneling it to his cronies (cont)  of  NH voters are satisfied with  as president      So is  you stop by Trump Tower (Fifth Avenue between 56th and 57th Streets) you can buy a pre-signed copy of #TimeToGetTough.
America deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our Armed Forces face in our (cont)  unempoyment over 10 in 2009  held an extravagant Alice in Wonderland party. He is a man of the people!
The US is always getting ripped off! China gets cheap oil from Iran and Iraq as US pays for Hormuz Patrols to (cont)  Iranian nuclear scientist's car exploded in Tehran yesterday--lots of problems to come-- --we need real leadership.
Newt attacks on  record at Bain an attack on free enterprise and entrepreneurship. Mistake!
Our Marines are sent to kill the Taliban not coddle them. USMC should be praised not investigated. Semper Fi !
"I love America. And when you love something you protect it passionately--fiercely even. #TimeToGetTough  (cont)  American work ethic is what led generations of Americans to create our once prosperous nation." (cont)  too long we've been pushed around used by other countries and ill-served by politicians in Washington who (cont)   is slashing the military he is also negotiating with our sworn enemy the Taliban--who facilitated 911.
The Republicans should NOT give  the authority to raise the debt another $1.2Trillion (cont)  released documents show Geithner to be laughing as the financial crisis loomed   The Republicans must defeat  not themselves.....  O'Donnell's show is "dead"- can't keep going for long with such poor ratings.  is a stone cold (cont)  may have been a good community organizer but the man is a lousy international dealmaker. #TimeToGetTough
Get it straight: Pakistan is not our friend. Weve given them billions and billions of dollars and what (cont)  bought Tim Tebow's jersey and helmet at auction for a good cause- fighting breast cancer  are 11 more Solyndras in the  energy program  He loves to waste our (cont)  wont approve the Keystone Pipeline so Canada is now looking to sell their oil to China (cont)   Lifetime Achievement Award  chairing  debut  on Jan.19  state the obvious if any business operated the way the government does it would go under. #TimeToGetTough
 asked Iran for our drone back. They are returning a miniature model.  Another diplomatic coup!
 is unveiling a tourism plan in Disney World on Thursday.  to my interview with  tonight at 10PM ET on  presents three big threats to the United States in its outrageous currency manipulation its systematic (cont)  problem is that we have a president who is more concerned with pursuing some sort of bizarre ideological (cont)   with  discussing the Keystone pipeline Re-election is more important than 20000 jobs and (cont)  Perry--a good man a great family and a patriot.
"A tough negotiator can make the Chinese back off. We've done it before." #TimeToGetTough     have to be smart in the way we speak. Using crazy language that terifies seniors accomplishes (cont)  country has a big heart. And it's a point of national pride that we take care of our own." #TimeToGetTough (cont)  is lucky to have him---  is a great guy!
Playing politics with the Keystone decision?  vetos 20000 jobs and cheaper oil.
When will  release his transcripts? What is he hiding?
The national debt continues to rise at record levels and today  is in Disney World. He lives in a fantasy.
The law requires individuals pay 15 on carried interest. Why would a potential President pay more than he or she is supposed to?
"We have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy." #TimeToGetTough  (cont)  all my years in business and participating in politics I've never seen the country as divided as it is right (cont)  White House should stop publicly pressuring Israel on Iran. Iran's nuclear program is the threat not Israel's right to self-defense.
Obama's new campaign ad defends Solyndra   I guess losing $500M is a cause for celebration for  will now sell its oil to China because  rejected Keystone. At least China knows a good deal when they see it.
China has hacked another US government body.  will we learn?
Congratulations to  on a stunning win in South Carolina. All eyes are on Florida now.
My  interview from Friday where I predicted that  in South Carolina would change the race. Obama is obsessed with "green collar jobs" blue collar workers aren't buying it." (cont)  have great respect for the people that represent China. What I don't respect is the way that we negotiate and (cont)  the  administration saving money isn't the point--expanding government and spending more (cont)  tough week was had by but he's come back from adversity before.
Iran is threatening to shut the Strait of Hormuz and  won't approve the Keystone pipeline. His energy policy makes America weak.
Obama wants Americans to keep buying crude from OPEC who is ripping us off instead of our ally Canada through (cont)  here's the deal:  has been a total disaster. He has spent this country into the ground and (cont)  requires capital. When government robs capital from investors it takes away the money that creates (cont)  in his SOTU  won't talk about Keystone. He will continue to dissemble about his record and play class warfare.
It has been 1000 days since  has passed a budget. He continues to spend this country into the ground without any control.
A gallon of gas has more than doubled while  has been POTUS and he still won't approve Keystone.
It is a shame Keystone wasn't powered by solar panels and wind because then  would have wasted billions on it.
My daughter Ivanka thinks I should run for President. Maybe I should listen.  I heard in the SOTU was proposals for more govt more spending and more bureaucrats. Very bad!
"People are smart. They know you can't be "for" jobs but against those who create them. It doesn't work." (cont)  raising taxes on businesses does is force business owners to lay off employees they can no longer afford." (cont)  Brokaw keeps calling Mitt Romney "George" (Mitt's father). Sadly time is up for Tom.
"For a president who likes to showcase how hip and tech savvy he is Obama also appears surprisingly clueless (cont)  how  failed to mention ObamaCare last night in his SOTU. Even he knows it is terrible.
After Solyndra  is stil intent on wasting our tax dollars on unproven technologies and risky companies. He must be accountable.
Keystone pipeline would create 20000 direct jobs another 50000 jobs servicing the pipeline. 700000 barrels a (cont)  night in his SOTU  claimed that he is a friend of Israel. Does anyone really believe that.
#trumpvlog My thoughts on the State of the Union address Apple and a great  article....  out this great story from the    interview from earlier in the week discussing the GOP primary and  electability   interview discussing  wanting me to run for POTUS  SOTU and his China policy  SOTU ratings were down 12 from 2011   He can't even deliver ratings in an election year.
 gave 1 of his income to charity from 2000 through 2004  I guess he only likes spending our money.
 SOTU claim that companies get tax breaks for moving jobs and profits overseas is 100 false  need more grown-ups in Washington people who will shoot straight and level with the American people. #TimeToGetTough
Did you know that with the natural gas reserves we have in the United States we could power Americas (cont)  Russian Ambassador stated that he supports universal values not American values (cont)  me on  tonight at 9PM ET on  sadtruly sad and disgracefulthe way Obama has allowed America to be abused and kicked around (cont)  when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs  has been a total (cont)  got news for President Obama: America is not what's wrong with the world." #TimeToGetTough  the clip from my #C21 Super Bowl spot on  tonight.
He makes a mistake "every hour every day" admits    The problem is that we are paying for them.
My interview with  discussing this season's  #TimeToGetTough the economy and GOP primary.  admits his presidency has been flawed...but  claims economy is stronger.  those who missed my chat with  on radio here it is on TV. Sean is terrific. electric car firm that  gave $118M just went bankrupt.   He loves to waste our tax dollars.
Check out this photo shoot video of  Spring 2012 collection....  stamps up 45. Federal handouts up 45. Is  happy?  military threat from China is gigantic and it's no surprise that the Communist Chinese government lies (cont)  to hear Bella Santorum is recovering.  has a beautiful family.
The GOP primary is getting very nasty. The candidates need to remember that  is the main target. He must not be reelected.
Keystone must be approved through Congress.  is costing America over 20000 jobs and driving the price of gas high.
The Islamists are taking over Egypt through the election.   Why did  force Mubarak out? He was an ally.
Today is a big day for us and for Toronto: Trump International Hotel  Tower Toronto opens today. (cont)  appearance this morning on Good Morning America... eyes are on Florida today. I will be watching the GOP primary results very closely. We need the right candidate to beat   interview discussing my possible GOP endorsement  taxes and the Florida primary.   interview discussing  economic failures attack on capitalism and playing class warfare.  is simply immoral for the government to encourage able-bodied Americans to think that a life on welfare of (cont)  incredible is that Obamacare hasn't even kicked in yet and already it's doing tremendous damage." (cont)  commander in chief has to possess the right instincts. That's one of the biggest problems with  (cont)  Muslim Brotherhood  allies in Egypt will cancel the Camp David Agreement.    What a disaster!
The banks need to start lending again otherwise the economy will continue its downturn. This is why we bailed the banks out!
Keystone:  MUST pass Keystone by linking it to another bill.   of the New York Times  was a poor theatre critic who was forced out. Sadly he is an even (cont)  to  for an impressive win in Florida. He performed well under pressure.
Great news that the New York Stock Exchange won't be owned by a German company. European regulators turned the (cont)   interview discussing building a cemetery next to Trump National the FL primary  and OPEC   interview with  discussing the national housing market unemployment numbers and the FL (cont)  was on  this morning   tough negotiator can make the Chinese back off. We've done it before." #TimeToGetTough      became a powerhouse because of our deep belief in the virtue of self-reliance." #TimeToGetTough (cont)  point is: the Chinese are smart--they respond to economic pressure and they know they're not going to get (cont)  of  largest campaign bundlers are directly linked to Solyndra    What a coincidence!
His spending is reckless:  will set a record fourth year of a $1 trillion budget deficit.     wants to release 5 senior Taliban detainees back to the Taliban.    The Taliban out negotiates him!
#trumpvlog  dismal record in today's video blog....  will be making a major announcement tomorrow (Thursday February 2) at 12:30 pm at Trump International Hotel  (cont)  will be making a major announcement today at 12:30 pm PST at Trump International Hotel  Tower Las Vegas (cont)  my endorsement of   bet the dumbest political commentator on television  will soon be thrown off the air for poor (cont)  eyed  thinks Las Vegas is a state--see  this morning.
The New York TimesBill CarterSept.26 2011: "On MSNBC meanwhile Lawrence O'Donnell has lost 100000 viewers (cont)  watched  at the National Prayer Breakfast -- and he looked totally uncomfortable with his words. (cont)   interview with  discussing my endorsement of  and why he can beat    interview with  discussing my endorsement of  and how I came to my decision   have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers." (cont)   interview with  discussing why I endorsed  and why he will make a great President  CBO has predicted that unemployment will rise to 8.8 this next year.   This is  economic recovery.
Youre hired! The  ad is airing during the #SuperBowl and you need to get voting! Vote for me    Vote for me and   vote for me and CENTURY 21 for the best #Superbowl commercial click the following link and Like the page.   on a huge NV victory. Lets make  a one term president  #OneTermFund
My  Super Bowl commercial   which aired during the third quarter.
"So I speak badly of China but I speak the truth and what do the consumers in China want? They want Trump." (cont)  the world only your tiny group of viewers--the world doesn't care about you.  You're too stupid to (cont)  saddled our children with more debt than we accumulated in 225 years in America.  has done an (cont)  economy is in terrible shape.  is manipulating the job numbers to hide the truth.  Prayer Breakfast was used by  to say that the Bible commands higher income taxes. That's not the way it is!
As China is building an air and naval force  is cutting ours.    He is weakening our national security.
My  interview discussing the Super Bowl the real unemployment numbers Iran and  (cont)  in tonight at 1 AM EST to the QVC network to watch Melania Trump debut her first 2012 "Melania Timepieces  (cont)  believe  is manipulating the jobless numbers  the world's finest health-care system so that  can have his socialized medicine program (cont)  hardly any wonder that our country's manufacturing dominance has evaporated." #TimeToGetTough  (cont)  record 1.2 million Americans have left the job force during  "recovery"   Don't trust the job numbers.
Another  green car loan recipient is laying off staff.   How many billions of our money has he wasted?
I endorsed  not because I agree with him on every issue but because he will get tough with China.
Many many people are disappointed I didn't run third party--but I won't risk  benefiting from a split in the anti-Obama vote.
I see  poll numbers are improving. Good man doing a good job.
Vanity Fair is failing. Newstand sales are down 20 percent--2nd most for major magazines and the magazine has (cont)  people have been asking me to answer questions. You can ask me questions at any time. #TrumpQandA
Why is  the only guy who talks about getting tough with China and their currency manipulation?
Eli Manning. Great Athlete. Great Guy.  great teamwork!
  He's not a smart man. He is a poor journalist and he likes fabricating the truth-- all reasons why his ratings stink!
  In answer to your question my favorite thing to do is spending time with my family.
  My first job was working for and with my father Fred C. Trump.
I see my friend  is speaking at CPAC. Solid guy wonderful job. #sayfie  to see no charges against Greg Kelly. His accusers' charges never made sense!
 As a parent education has a high priority it is very important. I went to one of the best schools and (cont)  hard at work yesterday shooting a marshmallow cannon in the WH East Room while our country burns.   I only require four hours of sleep per night.
  Sorry she's taken.
Government dependency has surged over 23 since  has taken office.  He is creating an entitlement culture.
  I have not met  but his song Donald Trump has had over 40 milion hits. Maybe he should pay me somethiing.
  I already have two great pilots.
ObamaCare is an attack on our country's identity. The latest victim is the Catholic church. It must be full repealed.  sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about 'onshoring'?" (cont)  China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take (cont)  My thoughts on  in today's video blog...  needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does it slows growth and kills jobs. It's (cont)  out a picture of the custom made Trump Bike that Paul Teutul Sr. presented to me today in Trump Tower--  Huntsman called to see me. I said no he gave away our country to China!   I wear suits from the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection.
 The best advice to a young entrepreneur is to read my book with Robert Kiyosaki Midas Touch. (cont)  is the dumbest man on TV?  of MSNBC...    Every citizen has the right to do political analysis--and should--as well as to endorse (cont)   My best secret for business is that you have to love what you're doing. You need passion. (cont)   interview with  discussing  electability and  Senate loss.    interview with  discussing the 2012 GOP primary and ObamaCare's attack on the Catholic Church.   Windfarms in today's video blog...  O'Donnell will soon have another cancelled show to go along with his three cancelled TV series "Mister (cont)  should he? He's only the POTUS--and  has "no opinion" on whether the Senate should pass a budget.    I receive a great many requests for interviews nationally and internationally.
QA   Yes I'd give the real numbers.
The Fed is destroying the dollar. When inflation hits the economy then even more jobs will go overseas.
QA   The secret behind my success is that I love what I'm doing. That gives me energy focus (cont)  Church is yet another victim to his liberal agenda:  lied to his Catholic supporters to pass ObamaCare.
  Timing is important so considerations such as your financial situation and how solid your plans are should be reviewed.
Keystone must be approved. Oil is at a record high. We need to use our resources and support allies like Canada.
"The GOP needs to learn how to get tough and outnegotiate  and his big spending allies in (cont)  fastest way we can start saving Social Security is to get Americans back to work." #TimeToGetTough (cont)   interview with  discussing  the economy and politics  doesnt respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us. He thinks that the wealth you create (cont)  will give a great speech at CPAC today. He understands the threat from China.
As someone once put it Marriage is the greatest anti-poverty program God ever created. #TimeToGetTough
Our country is the greatest force for freedom the world has ever known. We have big hearts big brains and (cont)  $25 Billion settlement with the banks on mortgages will slow the housing market down even more and create higher user fees. Stupid!
 class warfare rhetoric is taking a backseat for the DNC convention.  He is charging $1 Million for a single suite.
This week we saw what Obama Care actually does when implemented.  It is a losing issue for  and must be repealed.
Whitney Houston was a great friend and an amazing talent. We will all miss her and send our prayers to her family.
My  interview discussing my friend Whitney Houston  CPAC speechthe economy and primary  has to stop!  loves accruing American debt--he missed his budget deficit goal by over $500 billion.  to have passed 1 million twitter followers. We are making America #1 again. #TimeToGetTough
"It's a plain fact: free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone." (cont)  when it comes to China America better stop messing around. China sees us as a naive gullible foolish (cont)  need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth savings and investment. It's time to (cont)  Late Night with Jimmy Fallon on NBC at 12:35 EST tonight---I'll be bringing a couple of surprises with me.
A day after Greece burned  released a $3.8 Trillion budget for 2013 with a $900 Billion deficit.He will turn America into Greece
Congressional Black Caucus Chairman Emanuel Cleaver is right.  budget is a "nervous breakdown on paper." day after  released a trillion dollar budget deficit he is hosting China's future leader VP XiJinping. America's new reality.
So wrong!  is hosting China's VP Xi Jinping today at the Pentagon with a full honor ceremony with music and cannons...
A gallon of gas is $3.523 today and has never before risen so high early in the year  The  policy realized!
This is dangerous:  is seeking to shrink Israeli military funding but gives $1.3Billion to Muslim (cont)  budget funds the "Arab Spring" with $800B and the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt $1.3B in military aid. He loves radical Islam.
In today's #trumpvlog I speak about the chopper recently made for me by  #CelebApprentice
"We need a president who is smart and tough enough to recognize the national security threat China poses in the (cont)  need a dealmaker in the White House who knows how to think innovatively and make smart (cont)  primary goal with Iran must be to destroy its nuclear ambitions. Let me put this as plainly as I know (cont)  Over 500 upset people called Mar-a-Lago disappointed I am not running for President--but Mitt Romney will do a great job.
A clip from my interview with  discussing the cast of  Season 5  I speak badly of China but I speak the truth and what do the consumers in China want? They want Trump." (cont)  is our enemy. It's time we start acting like it...and if we do our job corectly China will gain a whole (cont)  final part of restoring fiscal sanity to America is the most obvious and that's to control Obama-style (cont)   That could be a possibility but there are no plans at the moment. This season of Celebrity Apprentice is great--be sure to watch.
  My agenda is such that I can't meet with you but it's always nice to be asked and I wish you the best.
  I don't think it has run its course. There are opportunities. Finding them and maximizing them are key components for success.
 I like to invest in what I know which tends to be real estate but I keep an open mind.
  I was in my twenties.
RT:  Polling shows the  movement could still nominate a viable independent with a chance of victory...
So  had another game winning shot last night. Looks like the Knicks have not only found a new point guard (cont)  You'll have to watch to find out.
Iran's attack on Israeli diplomats is an attack on the West
When the economy is bad  wants to raise taxes. When the economy is good  wants to raise taxes. Notice a trend?
The recession was made worse by  A $900Billion deficit is not getting better.
Wrong Policy:  wants to cut defense spending by $487B while China is building their navy in the Pacific.  from last night's episode of  where  and I visit the OCC HQ  PM was in China last week brokering a deal to sell the oil  rejected in Keystone.    Unbelievable!
Pat Caddell on Neil Cavuto tonight: "I've watched Donald Trump take on the issues of energy and he ties it to (cont)  No not trademarked.
 Thanks I'll keep at it.
   Maybe they don't want to.
  You have to find a business that you love. That's number one. Success requires passion. Then keep your focus and never give up.
Very successful fund raising for  yesterday. Good to see my friend Woody Johnson.
He  gets the China problem why don't the others?
Old Post Office Building in DC will be a world-class Trump property. Honored to be doing this historic building--Washington will be proud.
RT   Trump: 'Celebrity Apprentice' Season 5 is 'Tough Nasty  Smart.' Watch: China VP Xi stressed "the benefits of trade with China" to Congress   We need FAIR TRADE with China!
Gallup poll proves that  regulation and Obamacare are stopping small business owners from hiring   SHOCK!
The Fed is considering issuing even more US bond debt into the market. Not good!
Bush was called "unpatriotic" by  in '07 for adding $4T to debt     increased it $6T in 3 years.
Weakness is very dangerous:  is going to unilaterally disarm our nuclear arsenal. America keeps the world safe!
"Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. Every time it does it slows growth and kills jobs. It's (cont)  got news for President  America is not what's wrong with the world. I don't believe we need (cont)  raiding the defense budget to pay for his failed social programs  continues to weaken our (cont)  forget! Sunday night at 9 pm EST on  Apprentice is back! Tune in for a great show.   discussing the  discussing the cast   wrote a great piece on China   criticized him  (cont)  ally Canada wants to send their oil down south to us.  is forcing Canada to send it west to China.
Admitted: Treasury Secretary admitted that their 2013 budget does nothing to address America's (cont)  #CelebApprentice this Sunday at 9PM ESTon  has received many 4 star reviews.
Mark my words a gallon of gas will be $5 during the summer. OPEC is ripping us off. There's nobody in our (cont)  slashed the purchase of US debt late last year--the first time in over 2years. We must control spending.  Obama's weekend ski trip toAspen makes it 16 times that Obamas have gone on vacation in 3 years. (cont)  the nuclear crisis with Iran shows America needs to import oil from a reliable region. Keystone XL Pipeline (cont)  the GOP will have any chance to beat  in November the great people of Michigan need to support  candidacy.
Iran's threats are no excuse for the 9 month high price of oil. OPEC is ripping us off while  watches.  President should stop trying to be an economist to the world and start fighting for our economy. Instead (cont)  now we have a president and a Treasury secretary who shrug while China tears away hundreds of thousands (cont)  Letterman's show has become so boring and mundane. Somehow every time I look I can't help thinking of (cont)  interview with  on  on behalf of  discussing why Michigan needs to go for Romney.  more I get to know  the more I like him. He has the judgment and private sector experience America needs in the White House.
As the  took their 16th vacation this month unemployment is back to 9 and underemployment at (cont)  is a special player. He makes watching the Knicks fun. I think he can lead the Knicks far this season.   is having wonderful ratings once again.    I am very proud of this season.
Now  wants us to believe the Republicans cancelled Keystone and are responsible for $4 gas. He (cont)  may be the worst reporter in all of sports:  of  He gets away with murder and most people (cont)  Graham made a critical point.  has turned a blind eye to the Christians being persecuted in (cont)  need to bring manufacturing jobs back home where they belong." #TimeToGetTough  relationship with China is at a crossroads. We only have a short window of time to make the tough (cont)  robocall on behalf of  playing across the state of Michigan    interview with  where I explain that gas is headed to $5 $6 and why  can't win  last night's #CNNDebate  proved once again why he is the steady conservative who can restore America's future.
Iranian Pastor #Nadarkhani has just been sentenced to death by the Mullahs because he is a Christian (cont)  to  in #CNNDebate: In 2008 You Called Me "Really Conservative"   Bike we built for  The gold flakes in the paint out in the sunlight looked amazing!   was in Florida yesterday fundraising. Gas also rose to $6gallon for Florida drivers yesterday.  of Americans don't pay income tax despite crippling govt debt... China didn't play games with its currency and we played on a level economic playing field we could easily (cont)  are the greatest country the world has ever known. I make no apologies for this country my pride in it or (cont)  American wealth will require that we get tough. The next president must understand that America's (cont)  Wasserman Schultz is hard to watch or listen to--no wonder our country is going to hell!
Clive Davis gave a great eulogy at my friend Whitney Houston's funeral--absolutely amazing!
Take a tour of this amazing residence at Trump World Tower.....  on  every Monday morning at 7:30...
My  interview with  discussing the #CNNDebate and how to deal with Iran without using force    interview with Michael Patrick Shiels on WJIM in Lansing on behalf of   2008  campaigned against $3.50 gas        It is now $6 in Florida and on the rise. He is a disaster!
As gas prices keep rising  won't approve Keystone. Instead he is pushing algae - yes algae - as an (cont)  #Nadarkhani must be released by Iran immediately. I applaud the    for issuing (cont)  is good news:  is now leading in Michigan by 6 points according to    is obsessed with 'green collar jobs' blue collar workers aren't buying it." (cont)  a country like China being able to steal our military designs represents hundreds of billions in savings (cont)  is a moron who should have been pummeled by the weak and pathetic security person who stood (cont)  America needs:  follows in steps of Kemp and Reagan with pro-growth tax cut.
It is time to get out of Afghanistan. We are building roads and schools for people that hate us. It is not in our national interests.
It is time Republicans stop attacking each other and focus on  America cannot survive a second term.
The UK has run out of money and can't afford to borrow.  Neither can we but that doesn't stop  fact is you're not going to see real growth or create real jobs until we get these exorbitant energy costs (cont)   Obama is really concerned about carbon emissions and air pollution then maybe he should have (cont)  York Times Apologizes to Donald TrumpA recent story in the New York Times incorrectly stated that Donald (cont)   interview from this morning discussing the price of oil windfarmsDoral Hotel  Country Club and more... got it right:  attacks on  pro-growth tax cut proposal are foolish.
The oil reserve is a strageic asset for a time of war and an embargo.  should open more land for drilling not tap the reserve.
#trumpvlog My thoughts on gasoline prices skyrocketing......  will have record growth and prosperity during his adminstration:  success in the private sector is a tremendous asset.
He was quick to issue an apology on behalf of America to Karzai. Why won't he release the letter?   gives free insurance to illegal immigrants. Yet  is cutting our troops healthcare.  (cont)  Energy Sec. called for $7-$9 gas in January. Wish granted.   owns the gas prices.
" seems to have no regard for how China is conducting massive industrial espionage against the (cont)  corporations and entrepreneurs are masters of technological and business innovation but the Chinese (cont)  Romney is a fantastic lady. She was great in thanking people last night!  loved being a surrogate on behalf of  I am glad I was able to help him win.
After Super Tuesday every GOP candidate should take a long hard look at their prospects and drop out if they can't get the nomination.
Gas prices are up 30 cents this month rising 21 days in a row   Don't worry -  has a solution--ALGAE!
China is getting minerals from Afghanistan  We are getting our troops killed by the Afghani govt't.  Time to get out.
 should stop pressuring Israel against attacking Iran and worry how he will stop the Iranian nuclear drive.  how much money the average American would save if we busted the OPEC cartel." (cont)  how much stronger economic shape we would be in if we made the Iraqi government agree to a cost-sharing (cont)  is right--the Chinese have 'walked all over'     will rein in the Chinese.
 claims that his Koran apology "calmed things down"   US troops were killed by (cont)  made a great contribution to the press-- will be missed.
The real unemployment rate according to the CBO is 15    economic recovery is all "Hope"
"The Chinese laugh at how weak and pathetic our government is in combating intellectual property theft." (cont)  history teaches us anything it's that strong nations require strong leaders with clearly defined national (cont)   the most overrated political pundit in the business continues to downgrade the Republican (cont)  Obamacare's high risk pool spending DOUBLED government estimates    is bankrupting this country!
Once again  speech at  yesterday proved that he is more concerned about containing  (cont)  fully support the   and  They should all be honored for protecting us since 911---not demonized.
A MUST READ!  last article--The Vetting Part I:  Love Song to Alinsky  understand that the US has a spending problem not a revenue problem." #TimeToGetTough    interview discussing why  is a great nominee gas prices and why George Will is a loser.  respect to Iran we have all the cards--they are scared stiff! I can't believe we aren't able to negotiate (cont)  will be a Super Tuesday for  -- he will win over 220 delegates from states across every region. He will be the nominee.
China is raising its defense budget by 11    wants to cut ours by over $1Trillion. Wrong policy.
He  is using the IRS to sabotage the Tea Party  What about the Occupy Wall Street groups?
Strong leader:  Netanyahu explained at AIPAC the threat Israel faces from Iran's nuclear drive. He is (cont)   promised to close Gitmo in his first year. It is still open 3 years later and about to get a (cont)  should ask  in today's press conference how he accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 presidents combined.
"While China screws us with every turn of its currency is the biggest commercial espionage threat we face (cont)  military threat from China is gigantic--and it's no surprise that the Communist Chinese government lies (cont)  and proud to help  win Ohio with robo-calls in pivotal Cuyahoga County
My interview on  discussing why  will defeat  with a strong campaign.  interview with  on behalf of  discussing why the GOP must nominate   an "honorary Buckeye" I want to thank the OH GOP primary voters for putting  over the top. It was a crucial win.
He  claims he does not want higher gas prices. That's not what he said in 2008:    will lose a delegate in Oklahoma--he only got 57 of the vote in the Democrat primary  is $6 already in California. Don' worry -  Algae energy policy is going to pay major (cont)  is a professional and true gentleman:  is one of my favorite contestants from #CelebApprentice.
"America deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our Armed Forces face in our (cont)  what I find so morally offensive about welfare dependency: it robs people of the chance to improve. Work (cont)  China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take (cont)  Kelly is the best Police Commissioner in NYC history. Keeping NYC safe thru vigilance.  by my acquisition of Doral Hotel  Country Club in Miami--already world class but will soon be The Best.
My interview with  discussing  Super Tuesday  and why  must be defeated.  recovery - US unemployment is 9.1 US underemployment is 19.1    Businesses won't hire under Obama.
BarackObama set a record deficit last February - $229 billion while borrowing 42 cents of every dollar it spent.  is reckless.
The only candidate who can get 1145 delegates is  The primary is over.
Coincidence? More than half of  47 biggest fundraisers have been given administration jobs.  be on  Monday at 7:30 AM don't miss it.
The Celebrity Apprentice Sunday night at 9 PM on NBC. Another great episode! I'm glad the NYPD is monitoring the actions of certain extremists. New York's finest! I support them.
When I was 18 people called me Donald Trump. When he was 18  was Barry Soweto. Weird.
Seems to be the next election must be about jobs and gas prices--not birth control.
Pathetic:  did not want to veto Keystone himself--so he lobbied the Democrats in the Senate to defeat it. Sergeant who went on a killing spree in Afghanistan must be punished big time and quickly.
The US is stupidly closing all of its coal fired plants while at the same time we're selling our coal to (cont)  talks about the so-called "carbon footprint" and then behind our leaders backs they laugh. They could (cont)  is a total disaster. We don't know what we are doing. They are in addition to everything else robbing us blind.
Doral Tournament was great--best 18th hole in golf and a wonderful winner in  anyone in the music industry treat a Democrat like this?  is being punished for his political views   specialties? Vacations and campaigning. Jobs not so much!
Cadillac Championship at Doral a great success--I just bought Doral--it will be amazing. Cadillac a great American car.
He  should get out of the race so Republicans can focus on  top cop acted wisely and legally to monitor activities of some in the Muslim community. Vigilance keeps us (cont)  International Hotel amp; Tower New York---winner of  the Forbes Five-Star Hotel Award in 2009 through 2012.   interview from last Friday discussing the unemployment numbers gas prices and acquiring the Doral   interview discussing today's primary contests  lead and my stock picks  My thoughts on Afghanistan  and why I fired two people on this week's #CelebApprentice...  doesn't have an answer for how much Americans should pay for gas   He wants $6gallon gas!
 has won the most delegates received the most votes and won the most states. The primary is over. Time to defeat  day after  blocks a Texas voter photo ID law  exposes more dead people getting ballots  terms of energy we need to be exploring and developing numerous approaches...and I also include in that (cont)  the BP oil spill was bad but it was no reason to put tighter clamps on domestic drilling. That showed no (cont)  did well last night. He won 24 contests and earned the most delegates.  will be the nominee. 2012 budget deficit is already $93 billion larger than earlier estimates   (cont)  lost a big motion yesterday--she is entitled to nothing. The show made her--she should have been happy.
I commend  for defending the NYPD and Commissioner Kelly. The NYPD has done outstanding work in defending NYC from attacks.
SHOCK! ObamaCare will cost double what  promised -- over $1.76   -- and result (cont)   administration now claims to have done "everything" to reduce gas prices   What about Keystone?
"When your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military capability you (cont)  illegal immigrant crime problem is far more serious and threatening than most people understand. Along our (cont)  not a hunter and don't approve of killing animals. I strongly disagree with my sons who are hunters but (cont)  week was a first in #CelebApprentice when I fired 2 celebrities at once. Wish I could FIRE  (cont)   invited his top campaign bundlers and donors to the British State Dinner  So corrupt!
Once again  proves he can't run a professional campaign. He is ineligible in large section of (cont)  sure to watch #CelebApprentice on Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC. Another great episode! is clearly not a team player. If he was knowing that he has a zero chance of winning the (cont)   interview with  where I explain that we need to start using our own domestic energy resources.  Obama is hard at work today on his highest priority--his reelection.  has 5 fundraisers in 2 cities. be on  Monday at 7:30 AM.  Be sure to tune in.
Rising gas prices are causing a steep rise in consumer prices and will slow any future economic growth. It is a tax on all Americans.
 has wasted billions of our tax dollars on speculative green projects like Solyndra. He is an economic ignoramus.
Afghani soldiers--those on our side--killed 7 Marines last month.  They don't want us what (cont)  we keep on this path if we reelect  the America we leave our kids and grandkids won't look (cont)  don't always think of our presidents as jobs and business negotiators but they are. Presidents are our (cont)  should have gotten more of the oil in Syria and we should have gotten more of the oil in Iraq. Dumb leaders.
#CelebApprentice fans watch today's #trumpvlog   to find out about our new App  sure to download my new The Celebrity Apprentice app to begin interacting with this Sunday's episode  O'Donnell has failed again. Her ratings were abysmal and Oprah cancelled her on Friday night. When will (cont)  great credit to  for exposing the atrocities taking place in Sudan.
My  interview where I discuss why  is an economic ignoramus and how OPEC is inflating gas prices.   interview where I discuss  being canceled yet again and how she just can't make it on TV   is mired in the longest job recession since the Great Depression.  can get us out of it. (cont)  does  always have to rely on teleprompters?
Congratulations to  for being reckless. In his first 38 months in office the debt has grown at a rate that is unthinkable.
Why gas prices will cost  re-election: pain-at-the-pump-not-good-for-obama  am so glad  got fired by  Rosie is a bully and it's always nice to see bullies go down!
I am deeply disturbed by what I have read in the case of  I support a full investigation and justice.
Just bought Doral Hotel amp; Country Club in Miami--within two years it will be the best resort in the country.
 should consider Gov McDonnell of VA Gov Christie of NJ and Senator Rubio of FL for VP. Really good men doing a really good job.
Trump Tuesday on  7:30 AM is getting very good ratings as is  on Mondays 7:30 AM.
He  wants to decide what books people can read what movies they can see. #freespeech  It doesn't work that way!
Played the Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach last weekend. One of the best golf courses in the country. Perfect weather.
Ron DeSantis Iraq vet Navy hero bronze star Yale Harvard Law running for Congress in Fla. Very impressive.  should seriously look into the moron George Zimmerman who shot and killed the 17 year old kid Trayvon (cont)   interview discussing the GOP primary gas prices the Doral purchase and my outlook on the economy.   had another impressive win last night in Illinois. His delegate lead is insurmountable. It is (cont)   has as much chance of being the GOP nominee as  does of ever having a successful (cont)  didn't  hold any special event to celebrate the 2 year anniversary of ObamaCare?  Saudis are taking credit for a meager 2 drop on crude   They always play this game (cont)  blatant waste of taxpayers' dollars doesn't bother Obama because it's all part of his broader nanny-state (cont)  have to get tough on China. For every one American child there are four Chinese. China is out to steal our (cont)  Birthday to my legendary friend Aretha Franklin.
Congratulations to Woody Johnson and  on acquiring  is not only a winner but a leader. (cont)  am following the Trayvon Martin case carefully. It's a terrible situation that should never have happened. (cont)  forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC. You're in for a great show. be on  Monday at 7:30 AM.
The Chinese want to steal our jobs and technology--that includes so called green energy which they make but (cont)  keeps taking credit for an increase in oil production. Of course his policies have nothing to do (cont)  is desperate. Now he is saying that he would prefer  over  (cont)   is incapable of admitting that he is a complete and utter failure. He is 100 responsible for Solyndra.  you are a young entrepreneur just entering the business world I highly recommend that you read "The Art of (cont)  China beating us like a punching bag daily OPEC vacuuming our wallets clean and jobs nowhere in sight (cont)  we reelect  the America we leave our kids and grandkids won't look like the America we were (cont)  Tuesday: I'll be on  tomorrow morning at 7:30 AM. Be sure to tune in.
My  interview discussing the  acquisition of  and the timing of  plan   is caught on tape making election promises to  on missile defense and national security  confronted  can't defend his ridiculous attacks on    plan is sound fiscal policy is not the relevant issue the issue is strategic timing. Why release it now?
ObamaCare is clearly unconstitutional. Hopefully the USC rules correctly but in the end repealing ObamaCare requires a political solution.
Mar-a-Lago my club in Palm Beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built has been nominated as one of (cont)  his 'per se'? A Friday document dump shows  all-hands-on-deck as Solyndra collapsed    lies.
"Sadly when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs Obama has been a total disaster. And (cont)  relationship with China is at a crossroads. We only have a short window of time to make the tough (cont)  - my description of  - "Future President" or "POTUS 45" or " Worst Nightmare"
Let's not get too excited about Monday's U.S. Supreme Court oral argument on #ObamaCare before the decision. No (cont)  be interviewed by Greta Van Susteren  tonight at 10 pm ET on Fox.
Behind the scenes photo of  and I filming an interview-  Watch tonight at 10PM ET on  Rodriguez should substantially reduce his salary from the Yankees in that he misrepresented his use of (cont)   interview discussing interest rates the deficit  timing  and the Doral   warming has been proven to be a canard repeatedly over and over again.   The left needs a dose of reality.
Welcome to the 'Islamist Winter' - the Muslim Brotherhood is now taking over the Egyptian military and possibly (cont)   is not vacationing he is hosting his top donors in the White House   Always having a good time!
 is desperate. He is now saying that he wants to be  VP.  (cont)  Afghan Security Forces who we are training have killed 52 U.S. soldiers  Time to get out of there!
I wonder if  has promised Iran and China that he can be more flexible after his last election?
"What's incredible is that  hasn't even kicked in yet and aleady it's doing tremendous damage." (cont)  have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system. Almost every (cont)   interview where I discuss the #ObamaCare USC argument gas prices   new clothing line  like winners. They come to watch stars--great exciting players who do great exciting things." #TheArtofTheDeal
The House Republicans and Democrats are finally unanimous! Yesterday they voted down  $3.6T budget (cont)  can hardly belileve it--they can't understand how health care costs could have risen so much when (cont)   received an early endorsement from the Soviet newspaper Pravda over  (cont)  endorsement of  shows that the GOP is coalescing to defeat  2008  warned that "electricity rates will necessarily skyrocket" during his term. Mission Accomplished!  Fed must be reined in. In 2011 the Fed bought 61 percent of US debt--even more than 2008. Unsustainable!  Biden is delusional. He is criticizing  on jobs.  economic record is an abject failure.
Bad news for   reports that the economy (71) and gas prices (65) are Americans' top (cont)  of  and me from yesterday's interview...  doesn't look injured to me. Even if he's in a fight does he have to use a gun--and why shoot (cont)  study says  is out of control--a 78 increase in 10 years. Stop giving monstrous combined vaccinations (cont)  forget the three hour episode of Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night 8pm-11pm on NBC. You're in for a (cont)  like thinking big. I always have. To me it's very simple: if you're going to be thinking anyway you might as (cont)  worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it." #TheArtofTheDeal
"A smart negotiator would use the leverage of our dollars our laws and our armed forces to get a better deal (cont)  was great seeing  and  yesterday-  studying ways to increase pressure on China over their currency manipulation and unfair subsidy practices  With a $16T debt and $1T budget deficit  is sending $770M overseas "to fight global warming"  be speaking at the first-ever National Achievers Congress at the San Jose Convention Center (San Jose CA) (cont)  House Press Sec. had a hard time explaining why  supported tax breaks for oil companies in (cont)  is a disaster. Despite the mandate there will still be 27M uninsured and premiums will rise at FASTER rate   wants record high gas prices--drilling permits on federal land are declining under his regime  exciting news--the newest acquisition of Trump Golf--Trump National Golf Club Charlotte NC formerly The (cont)  sure to download my new The Celebrity Apprentice app to begin interacting with this Sunday's episode  be on  on Monday at 7:30 AM.
America's competitors love   says  has been "the best 3 years" for Russia  US should not give a penny of foreign aid to Egypt if the Muslim Brotherhood takes over the country. We (cont)  will be  excuse tomorrow after  wins Wisconsin and Maryland? Time for Rick to face reality and drop out.
"The  administration is far more enthusiastic about boosting food-stamp enrollment than about preventing fraud." #TimeToGetTough
Chinese demand is raising the price of oil to$123Barrel  We need to use our own energy resources.
"The best thing you can do is deal from strength and leverage is the biggest strength you have. Leverage is (cont)  people treat me badly or unfairly or try to take advantage of me my general attitude all my life has (cont)  #TrumpTuesday  interview discussing golf VP choices the real estate market  healthcare reform  is very fragile and success doesn't change that. If anything success makes it more fragile. Anything can (cont)   should not be trying to intimidate the USC justices on ObamaCare. He is worried because SG (cont)  estate is always a great asset to own but especially now. Try to take advantage if you can and buy (cont)   said it would be 'unprecedented' if the USC rules that ObamaCare is unconstitutional. It was (cont)  solar company  funded with our money has filed for bankruptcy   One (cont)  was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game." #TheArtofTheDeal
"China is our enemy. It's time we start acting like it and if we do our job correctly China will gain a whole (cont)  contestants  and  joined me for interviews today-  twitter account is now reaching more people than the New York Times--not bad. And we're only going to get better!
He  made a deal with Saudi Arabia to pump the hell out of oil until after the election. Watch what (cont)  has a limited window to exit the race and to keep both his integrity and reputation...the time to (cont)  what I said about  attacking Iran before the election--I hope the Iranians are not so (cont)  doesn't believe in the Supreme Court or its power--I thought he was a constitutional lawyer. Why (cont)  be speaking on Thursday April 12 at the first-ever National Achievers Congress at the San Jose Convention (cont)  gas prices will rise Miss CanadaMiss Universe and #CelebApprentice in today's #trumpvlog...  my club in Palm Beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built has been nominated as one of (cont)   interview discussing healthcare monopolies  oil prices and  birthday   interview discussing  USC comments insurance premiums  on the (cont)  is a great time for  to bow out with dignity.
"Here's the solution on China: get tough. Slap a 25 percent tax on China's products if they don't set a real (cont)  the deal: when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military (cont)   is now losing in the latest  to  in Pennsylvania  Rick is wasting everyone's time.
Oprah will end up doing just fine with her network--she knows how to win.   criticizes the GOP budget his own party graded him with an "F" by voting down his budget in the House 414-0.
My book with  Midas Touch is divided into five sections. The first is the thumb- miss me on  Monday at 7:30 AM
The #CelebrityApprentice Sunday night on NBC at 9 PM. Another exciting episode is ready to go.  Midas Touch hand is the ideal metaphor to represent the attributes critical to entrepreneurial success." (cont)  in Palm Beach drove by a gas staion $4.50 a gallon. Result of failed  leadership.
Proud to see my friend Governor Chris Christie standing up for Israel on his visit. Standing tall!
Looked at plans for Trump Doral Country Club today. It will be amazing! Glad to be in Miami.
"The five fingers represent the five key factors every entrepreneur dreaming of success must master." (cont)   budget: interest payments to China will exceed US defense spending by 2019   America!
It's  wants to raise all our taxes--who applauds China for cutting their taxes! (cont)  WH should not have hosted the Muslim Brotherhood.  friends are enemies of the US and  The Islamist winter is here.
$6 gas is coming sooner than later. America must become energy independent with our own resources and fast.Also (cont)  has created more jobs in the private sector than  has as President.  record (cont)  is divided into five sections. The second is the index finger which represents Focus-  for Mar-a-Lago-  made my decision to allow Jenna Talackova to participate in Miss Universe Canada two days before Gloria Allred (cont)  to  on winning the Masters. He did it without heavy reliance on coaches and the other hanger-ons - he just played golf.
#CelebrityApprentice contestant  stopped by to visit today-  Fair Magazine which used to be one of my favorites is failing badly. Newsstand sales are plummeting--- (cont)  will miss Mike Wallace. He did a major interview with me for 60 Minutes and it was totally fair and balanced. (cont)  Kinkade died. I happen to love the beauty of his paintings. He took a lot of heat from art critics who (cont)  they say obese women may cause Autism in children- nonsense they use any excuse. The FDA should immediately (cont)   is sounding more and more like a real team player...he is a really good guy!
He  wants 23 years of  tax returns  Let's see BHO's school (cont)  news-- did the right thing. I congratulate him on running a very good race. Now it's onto  -- go get him Mitt!
Watch  Ready-To-Wear Fashion Show at  featuring  and   of US warplanes ships and missiles contain fake electronic components from China leaving them open (cont)  be speaking tomorrow at the San Jose Convention Center (CA) for the first- ever National Achievers Congress  Fed should not do QE3. Neither the economy nor the dollar can withstand another round of artificial liquidity.
There can never be a sharp economic recovery until  is out of the White House.
He  is a successful entrepreneur.  successfuly ruined America's credit. Easy choice in November.
China attempted to sell embargoed computers to Iran   China loves these deals!
I developed the Wollman Rink under budget and in record time  If I hadn't gotten involved it would still be unused.
I'll be on THe Willis Report   today at 5 pm EST
"Look if we can make chopsticks in America and sell them to the Chinese we can compete on hundreds of other fronts as well."TimeToGetTough
"We just have to get tough get smart and get a president willing to stand up for America and stick it to the (cont)  eliminating the wasteful spending we need to get tough in cracking down on the hundreds of billions of (cont)  gotten many letters from people fighting autism thanking me for stating how dangerous 38 vaccines on a (cont)  Thursday how much $ has  wasted today?
He  handled the Zimmerman matter very well. I am glad to see there will be a trial. Justice. Now let's wait for a fair trial.
Excited to see that  has joined twitter. Melania and I are looking forward to hosting her next week (cont)  to detail is critical; choose scents that exude sophistication  confidence. Find out more 418 5:30 pm  Herald Square.
I'll be on  at 7:30 AM Monday
The Celebrity Apprentice delivers the goods--and the puppets-- Sunday at 9 pm on NBC  countries are cutting back big time on ugly industrial wind turbines. The energy is very inefficient  (cont)  many people are thanking me for what I said about   vaccinations. Something must be done immediately.
Now  Vice-Chief of Joint Staff is defending China while they cheat   Wrong course of action.
One of the simplest joys of life is golf. A great game to both play and watch.
U.S. jobless claims are at a 2 month high.  gas policy and ObamaCare are directly killing jobs.
If  policies are so advantageous then why is he constantly invoking Ronald Reagan on the Stump?  who wants to raise all our taxes only pays 20.5 on $790k salary.  Do as I say not as I do.
"Capitalism requires capital. When government robs capital from investors through high taxes it takes away the (cont)  left the best golf course in the State of California-  When in the LA area check it out even (cont)  Rose should take his #rockhall2012 honors and be happy. Stop the no induction nonsense. Do it for your fans  FDA must immediately stop allowing massive dose vaccinations in babies. It is mind boggling that they allow this practice to continue.
It will be interesting to see how Jenna Talackovadoes as Miss Universe Canada. We all wish her luck.
I will be at  Herald Square April 18 to sign my new fragrance #Success by Trump. First 100 customers receive a copy of my new book.
Find out what Success smells like. I'll be  Herald Square April 18 5:30pm to sign my new fragrance; first (cont)  me on  now!#rozandmocha
I'll be on tomorrow at 7:30 am #TrumpTuesday
Mike Bloomberg is doing a great job as Mayor of New York City. Ray Kelly is a great Police Commissioner.  Paul Teutul Sr. joined me for a press event in Trump Tower last week-   interview discussing  reckless spending the Buffet Tax gimmick and #CelebApprentice  have captured the smell of success. Meet me and the new "Success"  Herald Square April 18 5:30pm first (cont)  Teutul Sr. is a fantastic guy. Although I fired him on #CelebApprentice we will remain great friends. I love the bike he made for me.
He  would do a great job on Saturday Night Live.   watches China is trying to have the yuan overtake our dollar as the international (cont)  watching  $   special #PainatthePump over the weekend. (cont)  ally Canada is 'frustrated' by  radical anti-gas policies  BHO is forcing Canada to send gas to China.
Yesterday was  favorite day of the year--he collects our taxes to redistribute.
Under  5 major banks now control 56 of economy from 43 in 2007   Another catastrophe is brewing.
Gloria Allred is always talking about me. She needs publicity. She is by far a better PR agent than lawyer.
Obama's Secret Service catastrophe has openly revealed a great lack of respect for our President. If they (cont)  Fair circulation down 20 percent. My third rate stalker should start looking for a new job.
By  design the middle class will be hit with record taxes under ObamaCare through inflation   REPEAL!
#CelebrityApprentice ranked #1 among ABC CBS and NBC in all key demos from 10-11PM. It won the 10PM hour by a 53 margin in 18-49 rating.
I knew disgusting and unwanted porn star  was a sleazebag the first time I met him. Thank goodness he was revealed (so to speak).
Vanity Fair party at Tribeca Film Festival was a bust.
My  interview discussing the passing of my longtime friend Dick Clark.  A true TV legend who will be missed.
"I make no apologies for this country my pride in it or my desire to see us become strong and rich again. (cont)  has shown last week that he will campaign aggressively against  I am confident he can defeat  proud to announce that Mar-a-Lago was awarded top Historic building in the state by the illustrious (cont)  signed a $70B budget which cut $140M in indiv projects  Very impressive. Rick is doing a masterful job.
Ted Nugent was obviously using a figure of speech unfortunate as it was. It just shows the anger people have towards  is right--this election is about jobs  But it is interesting that  (cont)   has now increased the debt more than any other POTUS and the first 42 combined.  today's #trumpvlog  the Secret Service and Dick Clark.....  be fooled. In 2008  promised immigration reform in his 1st yr of his 1st term. Now promising (cont)  Clark was a friend of mine he lived in one of my buildings on East 61st Street. Everybody loved him. He will be missed.
#trumpvlog The song "Donald Trump" hits 54 million views.  Where's my money?  am in IstanbulTurkey. Just opened magnificent #TrumpTowers--- a big hit.
A bad manager such as  will continually be plagued by scandals.    Leadership starts at the top.
My interview with  from the Olympics 100 Day Countdown in Times Square  #CelebrityApprentice will continue to impress. Be sure to tune in tonight at 9PM ET  It will be amazing.
 can get people back to work.
Recently opened  it's beautiful and here is a video of the ribbon cutting ceremony..  I'm in Aberdeen Scotland preparing for the July 10th opening of perhaps the world's greatest golf course  left Istanbul Turkey yesterday where  #TrumpTowers was just opened--magnificent!
Via  "Trump flies into ex-Soviet Georgia for tower project project"   "Trump begins renewables mission in Scotland"  than anything else I think deal-making is an ability you're born with. It's in the genes." #TheArtofTheDeal
Not only are wind farms disgusting looking but even worse they are bad for people's health  (cont)  to have been chosen for the purchase of the magnificent The Point Lake and Golf Club on Lake Norman in (cont)  Democrats voted in favor of the Keystone pipeline in the House this week  A major defeat for  just trashed the GOP and stood up for China on Sunday   I am surprised he didn't say it in Mandarin.
American professors were in Tehran for an Occupy Wall Street Conference    diplomatic initiative?!?!
"I'm loyal to people who've done good work for me." #TheArtofTheDeal
I am enjoying my travels across Europe but home is where the heart is. Looking forward to coming back to the family in New York very soon.
"You can take the smartest kid at Wharton the one who gets straight A's and has a 170 IQ and if he doesn't (cont)  Government spends 30 more than it admits    is out of control with his deficit spending.
Made in America?  argues that his long form birth certificate is irrelevant in court. to the  on bringing the series home last night.
Majority of Independents want Obamacare overturned   The best way to do it is by voting out  by China continues to raise the price of oil  We must become energy independent through our vast resources.
"The fact is right now and for the foreseeable future the planet runs on oil--and that means we need to get (cont)  now we are running a massive $300 billion trade deficit with China. That means every year. China is (cont)  to  on Tuesday night's sweep. He also delivered a 'Killer Speech'    believes that the War on Terror is over   Who does he think won?
Still a buyer's market. Residential home sales fall 7.1 in March.   Now is the time to buy property.
The economy is expected to slow down once again at the end of the year  The price of gas has to be lowered.
Standing on what will be the greatest golf course in the world. Opens July 10th.  wonder why  is now spending $8B to postpone Obamacare's Medicare Cuts until after the election?  have never been a fan of John Edwards but it is time for the gov't to focus on more important things.  sick of always reading about outsourcing. Why aren't we talking about 'onshoring' or 'insourcing?' We need (cont)  McRaven had full operational control of the Bin Laden mission   gave vague directions.
The EPA is caught saying that their "philosophy is to crucify oil companies"   That will sure lower the price of gas.
Be sure to tune in to another amazing episode of #CelebApprentice this Sunday on  at 9PM EST! This Sunday's (cont)  this book our second together we share what gives us the Midas Touch the ability to turn things we touch (cont)  Obama's Spain vacation cost taxpayers over $476K  They love to spend money.
Claims for unemployment are at a 3 month high  Where's the  recovery?
Wind turbines threaten the migration of birds   Where's the outcry?
#SuccessByTrump Heres a photo from my appearance at  Herald Square with   is #TrumpTuesday on  7:30 AM EST. Always interesting.
My  interview where I discuss fixing the economy killing Bin Laden the John Edwards trial and fair trade. O'Donnell should leave Lindsay Lohan alone-- has bigger problems than Lindsay. Lindsay's mother called my office for help
He  is bad but  is worse--not only is he a "rat" but it turns out he stole much of the money for himself.
Good Morning America is thrilled  is working for the  means almost guaranteed success for  Obama's delivery on Saturday night was excellent--cute mention of Trump--and I am flattered to be mentioned.  spies stole our F-35 Joint Strike Fighter design  We should offset the cost from our Chinese debt
The Federal Government is teaching citizens 'Financial Literacy' while it is running $16T in debt  Only in America!
Guess which POTUS has held more fundraisers than the previous 5 combined?   is (cont)  a great video of the official launch of my new fragrance #Success  Herald Square  Founding fathers got it. They understood that nothing good in life--religious freedom economic freedom (cont)  innocent bystanders of American poverty are kids. Yet two-thirds of childhood poverty in America is (cont)   interview discussing  #WHCD lowering tax rates Republic of Georgia amp; (cont)   interview discussing  #WHCD my Scotland property amp;  using Bin Laden's death  is a superb businessman and a world class CEO.He has built a tremendous empire and is certainly "fit" to run his corporation.
The EPA official who wants to crucify gas companies resigned   Good- but his attitude is endemic in the EPA
Bad move- released $147M in aid to the Palestinians  That money is going to Hamas.
America's debt crisis is our country's greatest challenge. Spending must be curbed for our long term fiscal future.
"Here's the deal: when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military (cont)  leadership is sneaky and underhanded they significantly underreport their actual defense budget and (cont)  interview with  discussing  #WHCD and my endorsement of   by  in the "DailyCaller: "Defending Innovation in America"  new Dark Knight Rises Trailer is great   The movie filmed scenes in Trump Tower last October.
Orders for U.S. factory goods in March record biggest decline in 3 years  China is eroding the US manufacturing sector.
My friend Ronald Kessler explains in  that Secret Service problems are much bigger than prostitutes  will  release his college and law school transcripts?  stopped by to visit this week.... capitulated to China by releasing Chen Guangcheng out of the US Embassy   China really has our number
"The economy will come back but it will not be the same economy. The old economy of the Industrial Age is (cont)  rolling average of jobless claims is the highest in 5 months  ObamaCare continues to slow growth and cost jobs.
Now  is praising China's "cooperation" in negotiations over Chen Guangcheng  This is a sad episode for us.
We will never cut spending until we actually work off of a budget. The Democrats haven't passed one in over 3 years. What a joke.
Congratulations to the  on taking a 2-1 lead over the  Great game last night!
Fracking will lead to American energy independence. With price of natural gas continuing to drop we can be at a tremendous advantage.
Photo from yesterday's USGA announcement that Trump National Golf Club Bedminster will host the 2017 U.S. Women's Open-  be on  on Monday at 7:30 AM...
Derek Jeter is playing phenomenal baseball. He is a total winner--and also a great guy.  Rivera Yankee pitcher is the greatest ever. Get well fast.
The new unemployment numbers are terrible. 522000 more people are out of the labor force to 88419000.   to the  recovery--the labor force participation rate is at a NEW 30 year low of 64.3   today's struggling job numbers it is clear that there is one choice this November.  can turn the economy around.
According to  the War on Terror is over   global warming is a national (cont)  the 1920's people were worried about global cooling--it never happened. Now it's global warming. Give me a break!
This Sunday's  will shock you! Big Development...Be sure to tune in on  this Sunday at 9PM EST!
I will be live tweeting during tonight's #CelebrityApprentice 9 PM ET  be a fight over red-heads with  could be good. #sweepstweet
Its clear to me that  needs some lessons in negotiation #sweepstweet
Good move by Aubrey to be the red-headed model they didnt have. #sweepstweet
Im not sure about  as Project Manager.  can be formidable. But lets see what happens #sweepstweet
Aubrey has a lot of self confidencebut will it be warranted? #sweepstweet
How will the client react? Theyve got both Elle Magazine and Chi to please. #sweepstweet
Product placement is a definite prerequisite. #sweepstweet
"Ultimately Trump Tower became much more than just another good deal. I work in it I live in it and I have a (cont)  as it pays to emphasize the positive there are times when the only choice is confrontation." #TheArtofTheDeal
My  interview discussing the 911 Trials at Gitmo  the job numbers and   ET tonight to find out what my beautiful wife will be wearing at the Met Gala!   911 trials at Gitmo over the weekend were a disaster. Can you imagine how much worse it would be if  tried them in NYC?
Glad to hear Mariano Rivera is going to make a comeback in 2013. He is a true sportsman and a great competitor.  election result in France is very disappointing. The Europeans have to embrace austerity in order for their economy to fully recover.
Our economy is at a standstill. Some are even predicting a possible double dip. We need to elect  in November.
I had a great time doing press interviews with  and  earlier today-  wonder Afghanistan is a mess!  is releasing high level insurgents in exchange for pledges of peace.  must keep the pressure on  administration to make sure Chen comes to the US. It would be a tragedy to abandon him in China.
Still a buyer's market. Home prices are dropping mortgages are low. Now is the time to take advantage for your gain.  can't build a reputation on what you're doing to do."  Great quote by Henry Ford.
What's the primary ingredient for success? Passion. You have to love what you're doing or you won't get too far.
V.P.....really!  4  amp; derekhough#01 tonight! She's doing a great job on Dancing with the Stars #DWTS (amp; a good person). 1-800-868-3401
"I don't consider writing books a small venture...writing books is essentially a sharing experience."   must have vision plus the power of focus... to see the future and turn their vision into a profitable reality." #MidasTouch
2011 #CelebrityApprentice winner  and  interviewed the final four in this week's episode-  son Don will be giving the Keynote Address at The Investment Show in Sandton South Africa on Dec. 1. He's an (cont)  not that I'm so smart it's just that I stay with problems longer."  Some good words from Albert Einstein. It pays to be tenacious.
My  interview discussing the Republic of Georgia taxes the fledgling economy and Facebook   interview discussing the economy unemployment numbers China Charles BarkleyFrance and the election   Biden called America "the Problem" vis a vis Iran  He never wastes an opportunity to say something stupid. prices are still too high. We really need to pressure OPEC to lower the price of oil.
Georgetown should not host  for the graduation ceremony. Her policies abuse Catholics.
The polling numbers show a close race.  needs all of our support.
. attacked  She is an average talent who is out of touch with reality. Like  O'Donnell a total loser!
Welcome to the new reality.  is now letting China buy US banks  The US government is selling us out.
Congratulations to   on forming his new unity government. A major political success for the Jewish State of Israel.
 Barclay a friend of mine amp; a wonderful guy didn't mean to be so nasty to   He was just (cont)  trade deficit continues to rise at record rates  The US manufacturing sector is being (cont)  the flip flopper?  has never flip flopped on gay marriage.
In the UK taxpayers are wasting 24 million on wind farms that don't even operate.  They (cont)  be on  on Monday at 7:30 a.m.  Always a great time.
Watch Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday at 9 pm on NBC--we're winding up for a terrific finale. What a season!  memory -  says that he "forgets" the recession  Maybe that's why he is forgetting to create jobs.
The April jobs report is terrible. If the labor forces didn't shrink under  then real unemployment (cont)  and Gamble is relocating its beauty headquarters from Cincinnati to Asia--what are we doing?!
If the press can report stories from  dorm years then why can't it find  college and law school transcripts?
Good news. Voters give  the edge over  on handling the economy according to   Wind farms are provided permits by the US government which causes the "programmatic" killing of bald eagles.
Ugly industrial wind turbines are ruining the beauty of parts of the country--and have inefficient unreliable energy to boot.
 ratted out his best friend  in a ridiculous trial. Not nice! Who is rooting for Andy P?
 should stop with the bad plastic surgery and nasty statements about good people running for office. I (cont)  Stern will do a great job on  He's very smart and really gets what talent is.  TIME Magazine cover showing late age breast feeding is disgusting--sad what TIME did to get noticed.  resource rich Canada our neighbor is looking to China for its growth. Just another sad commentary on the U.S.  billionaire gives up his U.S. citizenship in order to save taxes. I guess 3.8 billion isn't enough for (cont)  quote from the late Steve Jobs: "Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower."
Did  try to bribe Rev. Wright with $150K?   I am sure the media will be all over this.
Now China is threatening our allies who share defense pacts with us the latest is the Philippines    Very aggressive
Mitt Romney gave a masterful speech this weekend at Liberty University with a wonderful introduction by Mark DeMoss. Well done.  than $500 million designated for Iraqi Army disappeared. Where is it? Our sad sad country--what have we come to?
Worired that the USC will strike down ObamaCare  is trying to implement his debacle in public schools  find fault. Find a remedy."   --Henry Ford
I hope Mark Zuckerberg signs a prenup with his current girlfriend- perhaps soon to be wife. Otherwise she can walk away with 9 billion.
My  interview discussing  misleading political ad  response and   amp;    interview discussing Jamie Dimon banking regulations and Mark Zuckerberg's prenuptial  to my friend  on being named to the "Hall of Famous Missourians." Rush is a great guy amp; a great character.
According to   has a 12 point advantage over  on the economy  Look for it to grow.
Why won't  repeal the Defense of Marriage Act if he supports gay marriage?   He is gaming the issue.
A great ad from  showing "A Few of the 23 Million" unemployed who need economic change  Take it to him Mitt!
Why the nation's debt keeps growing - a Dept of Agriculture employee made over $242K with a $63K bonus    Ridiculous.
We should not bail out any of the European countries or banks.
Under  the Iranian nuclear program has rapidly grown.  final two-  and  visited yesterday-  to see that Jamie Dimon passed yesterday's shareholder vote. The JP Morgan stock holders understand that a good CEO is worth keeping.
Wrong! Under  watch  is not being invited to NATO summit in Chicago this month  While attacking  private equity experience  raises $2M from private equity bankers  is the mother of good luck."--Benjamin Franklin
Here's what I told  on  when it comes to singer  inappropriate attacks on   Mark Zuckerberg is clearly a brilliant guy. My advice? Get a pre-nup!   attack on alleged high school incidents by  is a hit job to me. Where are  high school and college records?
"The best vision is insight." --Malcolm Forbes
Under Mayor  and Police Commissioner  Kelly all violent crime in NYC is down dramatically. That's leadership.
Mitt Romney matches sitting President in fundraising for April--not an easy thing to do. Bad news for (cont)  Summer performed for me many times--she was great and will be missed.  hard to believe that  could be worth that much--be careful if you invest. And Mark Zuckerberg--get a pre-nup.
Reckless! Why is  wasting over $70 Billion on 'climate change activities?' Will he ever learn?  take a closer look at that birth certificate.  was described in 2003 as being "born in Kenya."  literary agent claims the 1991 booklet was a 'mistake'  Pretty convenient.
Time Warner Cable went out on 5th Avenue for 2 plus days. They are a disaster. I think I'm going to switch.
#CelebrityApprentice Who will win?  Find out tonight- live Season Finale at 9PM ET on NBC.
The  must re-negotiate  contract. He is not the same player without drugs.
Congratulations to  of the #Mets. What a great season he is having--batting over 400 and clutch hitting. Also a fantastic guy.
America has lost its AAA rating and gained over $6T in debt under  and now he wants to raise the debt ceiling--SCARY!
Will Smith did a great job by smacking the guy "reporter" who kissed him on the lips at a red carpet event. (cont)  Pesident  you cannot attack free enterprise and expect to have a healthy economy!
Rev. Wright called  on tape a liar. Why isn't this being looked into? It would be a great commercial for the republicans.
Rapper  song "Donald Trump" now has 57 million hits--- I created another star--- where's my cut?
President Obama's literary agent (in 1991) promoted a book about "the first African-American president of the (cont)  loved Walter Cronkite one of the all time greats. He couldn't stand Dan Rather--I agree with Walter.  today's #trumpvlog I talk about how well Will Smith handled the situation with the reporter-  would you like to see on next season of #CelebrityApprentice? Let us know- everyone wants to be on it.
My  interview discussing why I don't own Facebook stock and running a tough campaign against   am a registered Republican.  With  as the nominee we can defeat  you imagine me speaking at the RNC Convention in Tampa?  That's a speech everyone would watch.
Glad to see that Sacha Baron Cohen's new movie is not only a dud but not too good at the box office. He is talentless.  is now given preference to buy US debt by going directly to Treasury. I don't believe  knows that he selling us out.
The Republicans should use everything against  as  is going to use everything (cont)  wonder if  ever applied to Occidental Columbia or Harvard as a foreign student. When can we see (cont)  be on Piers Morgan Tonight this evening 9 pm on CNN. Be sure to tune in.   administration is pressuring contractors to fix job loss estimates from environmental regulations  segment from last night's  interview discussing  and fighting fire with fire in a campaign  bite from last night's  interview discussing Rev. Wright's Ed Klein interview and the 2012 campaign  are those frightening things that become visible when we take our eyes off our goals." -- Henry Ford
Disaster! The  tax hikes set for 2013 are going "to throw us back into a recession" according to the CBO  storied success of Bain in private entrepreneurship and equity is one reason  will be a great POTUS.
Capitalism doesn't guarantee success only a chance to succeed. The community organizer  doesn't (cont)  to Twitter  1981 transfer class to Columbia "declined" in "quality" according to the Columbia Spectator  tax credit is underperforming by over 95 creating an even bigger cost to the debt  It must be repealed!
What a series the   is turning out to be! Tonight's game should be another close one.
Lolo Jones our beautiful Olympic athlete wants to remain a virgin until she gets married--she is great.  has made amazing strides in the beauty and quality of their cars. Great management team--congratulations!  Brolin a friend of mine was terrific in "Men in Black." Congrats!
"Do not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." Ralph Waldo Emerson
My  interview discussing OPEC US gas resources  and running a campaign against   is going the exact opposite of what it was. They will soon be very strongly against Israel. Thanks President Obama.  are armed drones being released over our homeland by the Government? Seems excessive.
Pictures of  and me from the Men In Black III premiere in New York City  We loved the movie!
Dine With The Donald and Mitt: Long before  called the Tea Party 'teabaggers' he dressed as a revolutionary in a Hyde Park rally is a little thing that makes a big difference." -- Winston Churchill
George Will may be the dumbest(and most overrated) political commentator of all time. If the Republicans listen to him they will lose.
. is practically begging  to disavow the place of birth movement he is afraid of it and (cont)  such as George Will and  use me to get publicity for themselves. They are strictly third rate.
I am very excited about hosting  today for a fundraiser. Looking forward to seeing  and many other friends.
In '08  said that Bush adding $4T to the debt was unpatriotic.  has already added $6T.
Now  has decided there are 5 million Palestinian refugees   He always goes against  interest.
Unsustainable-  has increased total federal budget outlays by over 24 during his term  He loves debt.
So  will attack  career at Bain Capital but won't return donations from Bain executives  greatest commodity to own is land. It is finite. God is not making any more of it.
"For what is the best choice for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve."   Aristotle
Pres  expects  to play nice like  not going to happen amp; the result is going to be much different.
Perhaps  biggest shortcoming as President is he failed to unite the country.
Reverend Wright was dumped like a dog by  can't be feeling too good.
It's amazing how celebrities such as  can say horrible untrue things about Republican politicians and it's (cont)  want to see  college records to see how he listed his place of birth in the application.
What could be better than dinner with  and me?  is right.  and I have both created more jobs than  fact far more jobs!
In his own words  "was born in Kenya and raised in Indonesia and Hawaii." This statement was made (cont)  is raving about the Trump Home Mattress by  If you are looking for a mattress go buy (cont)  Chinese agents are smuggling our military weapons through rogue US soldiers  China loves to cheat!
Scary--America would have had to pay all its GDP to the government to cover  real 2011 budget deficit   interview with  where I discuss  'birth certificate' and why  has low ratings   interview discussing my  fundraiser in Trump Int'l Hotel Las Vegas and the state of the (cont)   campaign keeps highlighting a web video of John McCain being nice amp; respectful. I'll bet John (cont)  Will was pushing for  for the GOP nomination in December...said he was going to win. (cont)  Will was critical of  throughout the primary. Maybe it is because his wife was turned down for (cont)   fundraiser last night was a tremendous success.
How ironic that  campaign would call me a charlatan. Have they looked at their boss's record?
It was an honor to be with  the night he clinched the nomination. He will defeat  and be a tremendous POTUS.
So  claims that  birth certificate evokes 'controversy'  Where (cont)  prices are beginning  to drop as a result of the Euro crisis  golden rule for every businessman is this: 'Put yourself in your customer's place.'"--Orison Swett Marden
China and Saudi Arabia recently struck a deal which is "the largest expansion by any oil company in the world" (cont)  forward to meeting everyone at the North Carolina GOP this Friday where I will be the keynote speaker at the dinner. #GOP
Dine with The Donald and Mitt  will  realize he is on a fool's errand trying to defend  ineptitude?
Does anyone believe that  did not fully write or review the 1991 publisher booklet?
Q1 GDP has just been revised down to 1.9   The economy is in deep trouble.
Pathetic! Since  is going to win the recall  is trying to disown the endorsement of Tom Barrett  job cuts jumped 53 in May from April  This is the Obama recovery?
"The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength not a lack of knowledge but (cont)  be on  on Monday at 7:30 AM...be sure to tune in.
Unemployment has risen today and some other very bad news has just been reported- the stock market is way down.
Thank you to the  for a very nice story-  you tonight in North Carolina. Making keynote for the Republican party- will be fun.
Bay Bridge in California made in China for $1.8 billion. $300 million in cost overruns. Are we stupid?
The  2012 contestants pose for a picture with me at Trump Tower in New York City-  interview on  discussing her beautiful jewelry linemy son Barron and the 2012 campaign  $1T in annual deficit spending and adding over $6T to the debt for what? May jobless numbers are horrendous. The great Obama recovery.
Tune in Sunday June 3 to NBC at 9pm ET for the 2012 Miss USA competition coming from Planet Hollywood Resort amp; Casino in Las Vegas
Pres. Bill Clinton 5.31.12: " had a sterling business career."
Now  is telling donors he will need to 'revisit' healthcare in his 2nd term   a foolish move by  to speak in Boston yesterday! Completely outmaneuvered by the  campaign.
Waste! The CBO now estimates that  stimulus cost $831B and a ridicuous $4.1M per job created  the  campaign is fundraising off of me. I should get a tax rebate!  or later those who win are those who think they can." --Paul Tournier
Almost all reporters falsely report that I had a "bad time" at last year's White House Correspondents' Dinner. (cont)  stock market is having a horrendous day- bad employment numbers.
The  2012 contestants standing outside of Trump Tower in New York City-   2012 tomorrow at 9PM ET NBC.
I am in Las Vegas for the  2012 pageant. Watch live tonight on  at 9PM ET.  had a fun time doing the #CallMeMaybe video featuring the  contestants  and    #MissUSA 2012 live tonight on  at 9PM EST!
I had fun appearing in the video for Carly Rae Jepsen's #CallMeMaybe for #MissUSA 2012-  TUESDAY  tomorrow at 7:30 am  Tune in!
"Sooner or later those who win are those who think they can." --Paul Tournier
Congratulations to Miss Rhode Island on winning the Miss USA contest. She did an amazing job.
My  interview discussing #MissUSA Olivia Culpo the job numbers amp; the waste of the Obama stimulus  had a wonderful meeting with Likud Deputy Speaker of The Knesset  this past Friday in Trump Tower   #Israel
Welcome to the new reality-- be careful. Retirement ages will be pushed to 80 due to the incompetence of our leaders.  real war on women. Under  766000 more women are unemployed from when he took office  some ways it is sad. We all wanted  to succeed. It's not worked out that way.
Now that China's own economy is slowing  watch how they start doing even bigger numbers in (cont)   interview.  cancelled my subscription to  Boring newspaper with no mojo--must be losing a fortune. Founder (cont)  Vineyard Estates is a breathtaking location to hold special events for all occasions. Watch the video for a look-  have all been following the Wisconsin recall election.  victory tonight will be well-earned. A Governor who gets results.
What a foolish statement by  - he said that a  VP pick would 'insult' Hispanics    spends recklessly on domestic projects he is hollowing out our military with over $487B in cuts  market is never saturated with a good product but it is very quickly saturated with a bad one." -- Henry Ford
China's best friend  wants to cut the US fleet down to 230 ships the lowest level since WWI. was  who promised "if you like your plan you can keep your plan." Now ObamaCare is causing (cont)  to  of Wisconsin--a great victory. A smart and tough guy. Great going.
Obama was very disloyal to Wisconsin Democrats.  never showed up to help them even though he (cont)  on  tonight at 7PM EST. Tune in!
Is Roger Simon  ever right about anything? Now he's attacking  in defense of (cont)  was very nice to me as I am to him on the Piers Morgan Show (CNN). He is loyal to his friends.  Miss USA Pageant #MissUSA was a big ratings hit for  won the evening. Thank you Donald.
China's new AND ADVANCED currency manipulation is killing the U.S. Help!
The results are in. I killed Wolf Blitzer in our debate. I like Wolf but he went for an ambush!  #wolfblitzercnn
Why is  spending millions to try and hide his records? He is the least transparent President--ever--and he ran on transparency.
. and I are working out a great dinner for someone- I hope it's you!  I own properties across the world I am very excited about my new acquisition of  in Miami. (cont)  good to see that  is protecting the sanctity of this November's elections Voter fraud must be broken.
How foolish did  look yesterday trying to rationalize why  accepts donations from Bain?  financial calamity should serve as a warning.  massive deficit spending is unsustainable.
Shock--even more  solar corruption.  chief of staff's firm got biggest DOE loan.  a tour of this amazing penthouse in Trump Park Avenue....  businesses will have an ally in the White House with  Mitt gave a great interview yesterday  who knows when he can fight and when he cannot will be victorious." -- Sun Tzu
This is a tragedy. The real unemployment rate is 14.8 with over 23.2 million unemployed Americans. We can do much better.
Now  is telling  how to control his own assets.   Obama is consumed by class warfare.
Typical-- Press Secretary deflects any criticism of Obama's constant celebrity visits by attacking me. My great honor.
Too bad I'll Have Another out of Belmont Stakes- interest now way down.
Beautiful  in  tomorrow as Audrey Hepburn in front of Tiffany's.
Miss Pennsylvania is just looking for free publicity at the expense of the real winner of Miss USA Olivia Culpo.
Accounting firm Ernst amp; Young and the celebrity judges are insulted by Miss Pennsylvania's made up PR.
Thanks to  a great woman for her wonderful defense of the Miss USA pageant.
Miss Florida was great in her denial of Miss Pennsylvania's phoney statements. She blows Miss Pennsylvania away- a different league .
. was robbed in his title fight on Saturday night. No wonder boxing is dying. Bring back the 15 round fights.
With almost 1.3 million followers and rising really fast everyone is asking me to critique things(and people). Finally I will be a critic.
"Donald Trump" song is up to almost 60 million hits---- crazy!
Last Friday's gaffe by  claiming that the private sector "is doing fine" is illustrative.Everything to him revolves around gov't
China has copied our military's F-22 Raptor design  We should offset their theft from our debt.
WASTE--HUD is spending $70M to teach grant recipients how to spend the money from their grants   Does it get any dumber?
The Justice Department's investigation into the national security leaks is not independent. This is a very grave situation.
Trump Tuesday-- tomorrow at 7:38 AM.
Don Jr. will present the Keynote Address in South Africa on Dec. 1st  entrepreneur builds an enterprise; the technician builds a job." --Michael Gerber
Sadly it took a hit amp; run auto accident to make us aware of who our Secretary of Commerce is--and such an important position!
My  interview discussing  comments attacks on  and  amp;  low ratings   interview discussing Jamie Dimon the Doral Miami purchase OPEC's output amp;  Open  one of Miamii's largest landowners I am pulling for the  in the  finals. Lebron's time is now!   - " Eyes are on Northeast Pa. with gas development"   believe the media stories. OPEC and the Saudis have not been doing us any favors recently with oil outputs. Oil should be $30barrel.
Welcome to the new reality. Goldman Sachs just based their new Asia Pacific chairman not in Tokyo but Beijing.   is 100 right. The US Supreme Court should do "the right thing" amp; overturn ObamaCare or the country (cont)  private wealth fell 40 from 2007-2010   But  thinks the private economy is "doing fine."
Sad. has already exempted major oil importers on Iranian sanctions and is negotiating a waiver with China. is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." --Winston Churchill
Good-- is suing the Federal Government so he can protect the voter rolls    Florida must be a legal election.
The Euro put in place to hurt the U.S. is done! -- will have less negative impact than most think.
Biden  Spends $1 Million Annually for Weekend Trips   interview discussing  comments a united 2012 GOP #CelebApprentice amp; Trump#Miss Universe  news-- is now leading in North Carolina according to  The NC GOP is united after their (cont)  again  tweets nonsense about  She needs to stop tweeting amp; start worrying about some of her many problems.
Thanks to  rejecting the Keystone XL pipeline China has become Canada's biggest oil consumer. China is laughing at us!
The  healthcare plan post ObamaCare relies on consumer choices with more options  The perfect remedy!
China's currency manipulation is one of our nation's greatest sovereign threats. The yuan has appreciated 40 against our dollar since 2005.
SCARY-$6T in debt and $1T annual budget deficits later  is asking for more time to fix the economy  one positive from the plunge in household wealth is that we are in a buyer's market. This is the time to buy!
"The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have." --Vince Lombardi
Today is my birthday. My wish is for our country to be great and prosperous again.
Today both  and  are giving speeches on their economic policies in Ohio. The choice is (cont)  92 of France--who just elected a socialist for its new PM--want  re-elected  this video to see how bad wind turbines are for the environment-   all of  talk of "engaging the world" U.S. favorability has dropped around the world  don't believe in government picking winners; or in the case of ( picking losers" -- players in sports make the game fun to watch.  has continued to impress with another amazing season. Absolute professional.
"Leadership: the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it." --Dwight D. Eisenhower
I wonder when we will be able to see  college and law school applications and transcripts. Why the long wait?
Now is the time for the  to be united with the mission of electing  this November. Stop with the public divisions.
Today's announcement by  on immigration was done for reelection. He is using the office of the presidency as a campaign tool.
The U.S. needs to protect our intelligence assets especially in China. If the Chinese want to spy on us then we need to return the favor.
"Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." -- John Wooden
Win a dinner with  and me in New York this June 28th. It's selling like hotcakes!  be on  on Monday at 7:30 AM. Always interesting. Tune in!
"Before you are a leader success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader success is all about growing others." -Jack Welch
I don't mind that  plays a lot of golf. I just wish he used it productively to make deals with Congress!
On Friday  said that China has better cities and airports than the US. Well what has  done about it the last 3 years?!
My  interview re: Europe's financial mess investing in Spain Germany's economy and the future of the Euro  even  old professors are coming out in opposition to his re-election.   He has embarrassed them.
Congrats to Roger Clemens he showed great courage. This case never should have been brought to trial. Andy Pettitte did the right thing.
Now the Chinese are planning a war game w the IraniansSyrians amp; Russians along Syrian coast.  Laughing at  has no respect for our President --- really bad body language.
Congratulations to  on his new late night show! He will do really well. (It pays to win #CelebrityApprentice)
. "Donald Trump" just hit 60 million hits. Maybe I should go into a new business.
Now is the time to buy housing before values have fully recovered. In 5 years remember I told you so.
The Amateur! First  was caught bowing to the Saudi King but now the President of Mexico!   there was yet another massive intelligence leak by the  administration.  the national security leaks and Fast amp; Furious there are clearly at least two cover ups in  White House.
SHOCK -  people are sending paid political organizers to heckle at  events  USC should be ruling any day now on  Hopefully we will get the right result.
I look forward to playing golf with President  someday.
Rape is a huge problem in the U.S. military. Over 19000 rapes last year.
The new  trailer is fantastic   Trump Tower stood in for Wayne Enterprises during filming.
The  campaign took in $39M in May but spent $44.6M. Sound familiar!
Sad--just 16 of American parents think their children will be better off than them    We can do much better!
"Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." - Thomas Edison
Good messaging and staying on point.  called  "anti-investment anti-business anti-jobs" to  on winning  championship.  is a tremendous owner amp; has done wonders for (cont)  tuitions are completely out of control. In the last 4 years the average price has gone up by 15.  Unsustainable!
Moody's is out to make publicity. The bank downgrades from yesterday don't make up for  giving AAA (cont)  $9B that  spent in 'Stimulus' for Solar Wind Projects created 910 total jobs costing $9.8M each.  the WH spokesman try to spin  rationale for using exec. priv. on Fast amp; Furious  Democrats up for reelection in 2012 are skipping the DNC convention in Charlotte  Smart politics!
Sometimes there is justice. A Chinese military newspaper was hacked.  Power is proving to be very costly and unsightly.
An insightful article on   is #TrumpTuesday on  7:30 AM
My  interview re: Muslim Brotherhood taking over Egypt our vast natural gas resources amp; US tax system   Islamists have won. Just as I predicted the Muslim Brotherhood has taken over Egypt.  never should have abandoned Mubarek.
What a statesman!  made sure to quickly call the Muslim Brotherhood victor to congratulate him on (cont)  broken promise by   actually increases income inequality  It must be fully repealed!
I am glad America is starting to get to know  the way I know him. A wonderful amp; decent family man (cont)   has spent over $2.7B on implementing  since the oral arguments at SCOTUS   pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that." -- Norman Vincent Peale
Shock -  DNC Convention has a $27M deficit and events are starting to be canceled.  to the new Egypt Muslim Brotherhood representatives who won't take questions from Israeli journalists  China's Development Bank is looking to buy U.S. homes and developments  They will own our country soon.
"Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first the lesson afterwards." --Vernon Sanders Law
Unemployment has been over 8 for a record 40 straight months.  election will end the  downturn.
A "Lion's List" of Democrats are not attending  DNC Convention. The Democratic Party is in turmoil.  the outsourcer?  campaign is using a travel company with outsourced jobs in China and India.  Fed's actions these past 3 years could bring record high inflation in the near future. That would be (cont)  is terrible that  did not appoint an independent counsel to investigate the national security leaks. No accountability.
"The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes." --Benjamin Disraeli
Preliminary talks have begun for next season's #CelebrityApprentice. As usual we will have another great season.
Wow the Supreme Court passed  I guess  wanted to be a part of Georgetown society more than anyone knew.
The USC made a terrible decision today. How can a requirement to buy private health insurance logically be a Government tax?!
Remember this--- told  in 09 that it is "not true" that the individual mandate is a tax  Stopping Obamacare is now up to the American people. We must elect  this November.
A list from  "Top 10 Most Expensive Obamacare Taxes and Fees"  will bankrupt our country and lead to socialized medicine. We must all focus now on electing  this November.
Wind Farms are not only disgusting to look at but also cause tremendous damage to their local ecosystems.  Roberts turned on his principles with absolutely irrational reasoning in order to get loving press from (cont)  Roberts did the Republican Party and  a great favor. He essentially said ObamaCare is a tax (cont)  seems that Justice Scalia originally wrote the majority on ObamaCare and Roberts then switched his position.  a great time with  last night. He is focused and ready for the battle ahead. Lots of money was raised.
Interesting that Roberts said it was a tax in order to come out with his good public relations decision when (cont)  Kennedy should be proud of himself for sticking to his principles in light of Justice Roberts' bullshit!
Great news--here comes the Tea Party!  has received 42k donations online amp; raised over $4.2 million since the ObamaCare decision.
ObamaCare has 21 tax hikes   There's now only one solution--defeat  this November! #GOMITT
Friends of mine who are driving Cadillacs--it is becoming a very hot car--are raving about what a great job  has done.
Interesting -- studies show that wind farms have a warming effect on the climate
"A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him." --General Douglas MacArthur
Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on  7:30 AM. Tune in!
My  interview discussing ObamaCare the Romney-Trump fundraiser amp; my plans for Jones Beach  A China court ordered  to pay $60M to a Chinese company that registered iPad before   court: Apple pays $60M to settle iPad case. China is getting away with murder.  USC ObamaCare ruling means the government can now tax you for inactivity.
Don't believe  whining--Pro-Romney SuperPAC spending is on par with Pro-Obama SuperPAC  Wright of the NY Mets should have been on the 1st Team All Stars. He's having a great year.
Happy to have just passed 1.3M Twitter followers. Love communicating with everyone daily.
Why is  continuing to lie?  has found that  did not ship jobs overseas  it legal for  to make campaign donor calls from Air Force One?  Obama is always fundraising on our dime.
The 'brunt' of ObamaCare will be shouldered by folks making under $120K   poll numbers for  just out--he is leading substantially in swing states.
I believe  made a deal with the Saudis to increase oil production until after the election. Then (cont)  we celebrate Independence Day America's 236th birthday. Here is America's actual birth certificate    Ed has won its suit against the Ground Zero Mosque developers  The mosque is never going up.
Degenerate former Congressman Anthony Weiner is trying to make a comeback. He is a sick amp; perverted man that New York does not want or need.
Wow--such sacrfices for his re-election.  will not vacation in Martha's Vineyard this summer. as I predicted  is preparing a possible attack on Iran right before November.  in '06  called private equity "the best opportunity for long-term economic vitality"   ObamaCare "is a tax"   gave the largest tax increase in history on the middle class. Shameful!
Welcome to  America - 8.74 million workers on 'Federal Disability"  Where are the jobs?!
"We must never bend too much." -- Yitzhak Shamir (1915-2012)  don't care what people say I like Tom Cruise. He works his ass off and never ever quits. He's one of the few true movie stars.
May jobless numbers have been readjusted to 8.2.   economy is a disaster  New numbers tomorrow.
Today  is in Ohio on a bus tour. Tomorrow Pennsylvania. How about actually running the country?
When will Pakistan apologize to us for providing safe sanctuary to Osama Bin Laden for 6 years?! Some "ally."
John Roberts arrived in Malta yesterday.  Maybe we will get lucky and he will stay there.
"Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat."  F. Scott Fitzgerald
Job numbers today--- terrible! So what else is new?
As I anticipated Justice Roberts made the cover of Time Magazine etc. The liberal media now loves him-- he should be ashamed.
Keep an eye on Anthony Weiner. Weasels are hard to get rid of.
Hope and Change? Job numbers down. Time for  Great 4th of July! America a great country who's brightest days with wise leadership lie ahead.
When true golfers see what I do at Doral it will be the hottest club in the country. #sayfie #newsmax
Gotta hand it to  she loved Doral from the time we looked at it. The Trump-Doral will be an Icon. #sayfie #newsmax
My family and I just arrived in Scotland for the grand opening of Trump International Golf Links Scotland-  am truly honored to have been chosen Statesman of the Year by the Republican Party of Sarasota County. The (cont)  in Scotland to open what we hope to be the greatest golf course in the world--- it's amazing.
President Obama wants  to hand over even more past tax returns- he should when  reveals his college applications.
. should not give any other further information until  releases the things that everyone wants to see----
Why is  constantly issuing executive orders that are major power grabs of authority? This is the latest  U-6 Unemployment Rate is over 14.9. ObamaCare is stopping businesses from both hiring and expanding.
The liberal media is focusing on  bank records. How about reviewing  illegal land deal contracts with Tony Rezko?
Everyone is talking about how Trump Tower is the exterior for Wayne Enterprises in Dark Knight Rises---it's true.  to  has now had over 40 months straight of over 8 unemployment while accruing over $6T (cont)  beautiful the strategy you should occasionally look at the results." -- Winston Churchill
What a coincidence?!  campaign logo uses the same font as Cuban communist propaganda posters.  can  invoke Richard Nixon against  when Obama just used Executive Privilege on Fast amp; Furious?!
Great article in the  -- "Donald Trump opens 100m golf course"  Ruddy is always on point: "Trump Opens 'Greatest Golf Course In the World'"   via   "Trump tees off on new golf course in Scotland"   to see Tony La Russa manage one last game last night. Congratulations to the National League on winning the  All-Star Game.
Nice interview in the  Atlantic of Sarasota GOP Chair Joe Gruters on my 2012 'Statesman of the Year' award   addressed the NAACP.  takes their vote for granted which is why there is such high Black unemployment.
"There's no bigger name in America than Donald Trump political or nonpolitical." --Sarasota GOP Chair Joe Gruters
Very strange--why do database records contradict  and show he was only at Columbia 1 year?  daily more discrepancies in  biography continue to arise. Who is this guy?
Even the Left realizes that  policies have led to more jobs being outsourced out of this country.  reported over $269710 of foreign income out of his gross $894520 and paid $5841 in foreign taxes  we ever had a POTUS before  who earned over 13 of his income from foreign sources and paid taxes to another country?
"If you don't have passion everything you do will ultimately fizzle out or at best be mediocre. Is that how (cont)  lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us."--Ralph Waldo Emerson
Back in NY from Scotland and fighting for our country to get better. Trump International Golf Links Scotland opened to rave reviews.
"Free enterprise is still the greatest force for upward mobility economic security and the expansion of the middle class." -  Meyers was terrible co-hosting with Kelly. Marbles in his mouth-amp; he must stop picking at his hands--insult to the great Regis Philbin!
I wonder why  is not going to the NAACP Convention. Is it because he can't answer questions about 14.7 Black unemployment?
America's Olympic uniforms are manufactured in China. Burn the uniforms!#U.S.OlympicCommittee
Nasty  tactics being used by  campaign against  Must stop saying Obama is a nice man--he is not!
. wants to see 10 yrs of  tax returns--tell him "ok--but we want to see your college applications first.'
Think of it---20 of our country is essentially unemployed.
Don't believe the lies--every budget  has delivered to Congress raises the income tax on EVERYONE  should release all his records (like other Presidents)....
A true honor.  considers asking for  college transcripts a "Donald Trump question."   Release it!
Penn State is doing a poor job in bringing its mess to a close.They should be ashamed for hiding Sandusky's crimes all these years...
The Football program at Penn State should be suspended.
In his entire political career  has never had a tough  opponent before  He is a paper tiger. #GOMITT
For America to be great again we must have a President who has been successful and Americans can learn from on how to succeed.
My friend  lost his wonderful son Sage this weekend. We all send Sly our love and warmest wishes. (cont)  Huma wants  to "pull a  by giving a tell-all interview." Unlike Clinton Anthony is a sick puppy.
A drug free A-Rod is just an average baseball player. will soon move him down in the batting order amp; should renegotiate his contract
My  interview discussing how  should release his college applications amp; records  did not list  as an Executive on its website in 2000   Saul Alinsky tactics won't work!
What controversy? 2 'active'  supporters at Bain have confirmed that  left in '99  No story here.
I hope  is recuperating well in LA.  Get better!   to  on winning access to federal database   He is making FL a safe amp; legal election for 2012
He has no respect for American exceptionalism.  has outsourced our space program to the Russians  much for Hope and Change.  has already spent over $100M on attack ads across the swing states  Supreme Art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting." -- Sun Tzu
Outrageous-- is trying to unilaterally gut welfare reform   He doesn't believe in a strong work ethic.
I wonder what the answer is on  college application to the question: place of birth? Maybe the (cont)   had such a wonderful academic record why wouldn't he want to show it?
. college application would be very very very very interesting!
I hope  now starts asking for any amp; all of  sealed records--it's time.
Remember how  did not have any tort reform? Now the trial lawyers are getting ready for even more lawsuits  review of #TheDarkKnightRises and more in today's #trumpvlog-   interview discussing why the Fed shouldn't do a QE3  college records amp; 2012 election   interview in  with  discussing being awarded the 2012 "Statesman of the Year" by Sarasota GOP  needs to make  regret that he ever asked for his tax records.
When will we see  passport records (sealed)?
Why would  be spending millions of dollars to hide his records if there was nothing to hide?
For the sake of transparency  should release all his college applications and transcripts--both from Occidental and Columbia.
Congratulations to John Roberts for making Americans hate the Supreme Court because of his BS   to a  poll over 60 think ObamaCare will make things worse for taxpayers  ObamaCare is a T-A-X.
Watch  admit Obamacare is a TAX  The GOP must continue to Disrupt Dismantle amp; Repeal!
#BARACKTAX QUOTE: "If you have health insurance you're not getting hit with a tax."
Weird--why did BarackObama Sr. fail to list  as his son in his 1961 INS application?  Knight Rises is projected to gross over $180 million this weekend. Remember to watch for Trump Tower!
The class warfare being played by  is the only way he can get reelected. He can't have America focus on his horrendous record.
On the red carpet at the NYC premiere of Dark Knight Rises with  via    Cindy Adams has a great report on the Dark Knight Rises premiere   to  on his successful Cold Case Posse investigation which claims  'birth certificate' is fake
Why does HI Revised Statute 338-17.8 allow an HI resident who doesn't have to be US citizen to procure an official Hawaii birth certificate?
So  campaign is calling  a potential criminal  How about Obama's Tony Rezko land deal!
As I always said the "Birthers" were after the truth. Thanks to   can't hide anymore.
Happy 94th birthday to Nelson Mandela!
What's more important for the American public to have?  tax returns or  sealed records?
What recovery? JP Morgan has readjusted Q2 growth down from 1.7 to 1.4 and Q3 to 1.5 with 2012 on a whole at 1.7  Sununu was more right than he even knew yesterday --  indeed needs to "learn how to be an American."
So  is celebrating his 'birthday' with a fundraiser in his home he bought with the help of Rezko  new  motto - "You Own Nothing Not Even Your Own Success" ...
"Cowards die many times before their actual deaths." --Caesar
Taking a photo with my family on the opening day of Trump International Golf Links Scotland-  University stated there was a "computer error" in their system concerning  attendance. (cont)  me someone without an ego and I'll show you a loser." --How To Get Rich
Corrupt-- largest bundlers are fundraisers linked to the Obama Solyndra boondoggle   Chicago cronyism
My  interview where I discuss  Job Council  investigation amp; 2012 election   is on such a "transparency" kick--how about releasing Fast amp; Furious info to Brian Terry's family? new campaign ad just released by     doesn't  release his original book proposal which says he was born in Kenya? 1999  said that he didn't support Welfare Reform  He just gutted the entire program.
I hope Bill Clinton and NEWSMAX's Chris Ruddy are enjoying their mission to Africa. Two great people.
Great article--a must read by Peter Ferrara at  about "The Biggest Government  Spender in World History" $ thrown away -  gave $20M to Amonix and praised its "success" in '10. It just filed for bankruptcy  In the last 6 months  has held over 100 fundraisers and not a single meeting with his Job Council.
. economic gloom: jobless claims have surged  while factory activity is (cont)  gets it! Vote now--Obama should release his college application records amp; grades. He says he loves (cont)  really dumb blogger for failing  a magazine whose ads are down almost 18 this year said I wear a hairpiece --- I DON'T!
At least 12 dead and 50 wounded in Colorado--bring back fast trials amp; death penalty for mass murderers amp; terrorists.
Breitbart gets it! Vote now-- should release his college application records and grades. He says he (cont)  am impressed with the scam  pulled but the truth will come out.
Bay Bridge in San Fransisco built in China keeps getting worse. Cost overruns are out of control --- China is having a field day with us!
With  listing himself as "Born in Kenya" in 1999 HI laws allowed him to produce a fake certificate.  #SCAM
I'll be on  Monday morning at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
My  interview discussing America's financial uncertainty due to  and the job report  jobless claims are now at an astronomical 365000. Manufacturing sector is suffering badly. We must do better.   read article in  " probe could dwarf Watergate"  15 US real unemployment and a 16T debt  Obama's luxurious Aspen vacation - her 16th - cost us over $1M  NYPD has been doing a fantastic job protecting NYC. I hope Chief Ray Kelly is strongly considering running for mayor.
Who else could take 16 vacations play over 100 rounds of golf and hold over 300 fundraisers while serving as (cont)  leaders are already requesting meetings with  to warn that we are viewed as "in decline"   Bain had an 80 success rate with annual returns of over 50. Under  America has added over $6T in debt.
Hypocrite-- has major investments in companies that are outsourcing jobs overseas  Carney won't answer reporters questions of "Why Obama won't release his college transcripts"- Come on Jay!
SHOCK--Hugo Chavez endorses   Will he be in Chicago on election night too?
Read this-- birth certificate "cannot survive judicial scrutiny" because of "phantom numbers"  trial and death penalty for maniac in Colorado--- immediately pass speed up legislation.
"Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make."The Art of The Deal
My  interview discussing housing prices the GDP numbers China spreading its wealth and my stock picks.   " Public not Worried About  Tax Returns"  discussing my  interview: "Trump: 'Clamor for  tax returns has died down'"  is preferred to handle the economy over  by 63-29 in a  poll  domestic economic and political problems prove how pathetic our leadership is in allowing China to rip us off  campaign is possibly on the trajectory towards insolvency?   At least  is consistent.
. leadership has permanently scarred amp; perhaps destroyed a great university. They should have (cont)   acquisition of Ichiro was a smart move. I look forward to watching him play.
I can't stress strongly enough that we are currently in a buyer's residential market.Try to buy directly from a bank.
Delusional-- claims that his economic plan "worked"    Is the 16 real unemployment part of the plan?
Twitter is on  enemies list  when  promised you could keep your coverage? Study shows 1 in 10 employers will drop health care  to  is the first POTUS to run trillion dollar deficits in all four years of his term!
US Gov't is on the hook for more than a third of the world's entire debt amp; we wonder why China amp; OPEC are laughing all the way to the bank!
Hope amp; Change--since  has taken office the US debt has increased by an average of $64K per taxpayer.
Amazing how fast all of Joe Paterno's friends abandoned him. They ran for the hills.
By folding Penn State leadership made things worse. The deal is ridiculous amp; punishes the wrong people. I hope the alumni sue to overturn.
The Federal government has $2.7T in assets amp; $17.5T in total liabilities plus another $4.7T in intergovernmental debt. Have a nice day.
The Audacity of  Federal Reserve purchased 61 of all debt issued by Treasury in 2011. Killing our children's future.
Price of corn has jumped over 50. This will cause a jump in food prices perhaps beyond what we've ever seen. Nasty for the economy.
I am confident when American public gets to know  the race will go his way. He's honorable amp; successful man--polls looking good.
Good news -  has  beating  49-44    Obama was up by 5 at same point in '08.
What a 'nice guy' - 97 of  campaign ads have been negative attacks on   Give it back Mitt!
The  are going to have a terrific season.  amp;  will do great things on the field.
Why has  allowed the Muslim Brotherhood to visit the  What Hope amp; Change!
"There is no substitute for hard work."--Thomas Edison
Smart move by the Democrats to have Pres.  play a key role in their convention.
The difference between  and  campaign promises to  is that Mitt will actually keep all of his.
. bowed to the Saudi King in public--yet the Dems are questioning  diplomatic skills.
. should be careful questioning  on diplomacy--how many times has Obama apologized for our country on foreign soil?!
The US GDP in 2010 was 4.1 down to 2 in 2011 amp; now 1.5. I guess  plan is not working!
The Chinese are illegally dumping bird-killing wind turbines on our shores. Only one of many grievances--we should act.
Not only does ObamaCare have at least 21 new taxes but it will lead to a tremendous doctor shortfall.
Reckless-- is projecting $1.2T deficit from 2012 budget amp; a projected $25.4T debt in a decade  blocked Keystone. Now China is preparing a massive $1.5B oil deal with Canada.    A terrible deal for US!
My  interview discussing  2012 election polls  current trip amp; the US housing amp; land market  job to Missy Franklin. She's got a smile that can take over the world. She's also a major talent. Great going Missy!
The polling numbers for 2012 are very interesting--will Americans ultimately want their leaders to be 'likeable' or 'competent'?
Great to see  being well-received in Poland  The Poles understand the value of freedom through strength
Another example of  diplomatic triumphs--he gave the Queen of England an iIPod filled with his speeches.
In '08  called Jerusalem Israel's capital  Now he attacks  on Jerusalem  last night's  game--Derek Jeter is both a great player and a great guy.
More waste fraud and abuse - over $460M in food stamps went to ineligible households   Where's the accountability?
Enjoying the Olympics.  Great coverage by  as well. GO TEAM USA!
You pick it! #1. Anybody that says anything derogatory about  is labeled stupid insane or (cont)  member of Congress should be eligible for re-election if our country's budget is not balanced---deficits not allowed!
Consumer spending is continuing to fall with weak June numbers.  policies have created a climate (cont)  your own destiny or someone else will."--  are the greatest Olympic champion of them all. Fantastic job!
The American gymnastic team was great--our country should take their lead.
"Donald Trump could again defy the conventional wisdom of the chattering class in November."--  cover "The Trump Effect"
NEW  TV AD "Dream" - For these small businesses hope and change was not so kind:   #tcot
Good article: "What Happened to American Men" from  by Michael Cohen  Senator   knows how to return prosperity:  #Mitt2012 #tcot
. Op-Ed "Culture Does Matter" :   is issuing regulatory demands to states ordering no firings in November    deficits under  are the highest in America's history. Why is he bankrupting our country?
Congratulations to  on his Texas primary victory last night. He will be an outstanding Senator.
 Thanks for the beautiful picture--- you are fantastic!
Jobless claims rose yet again last week   economic record is abysmal--we can do much better.
The U.S. manufacturing sector has suffered its greatest order losses under  He has stood idle while China steals our jobs.
More lies and deceptions-- is having his ex-staffers write 'independent' studies for his reelection  generous and pious! After spending millions of our tax dollars on his campaign through travel  donated to himself.
"Capital isn't scarce; vision is." --Sam Walton
In '08  hit Bush for secrecy   When will Obama release all his sealed college records?!
We need a President who understands the economy -  has US unemployment at 8.2 in July up from 8 in June   sure to grab your copy of this month's  detailing "The Trump Effect"   is trying to eliminate the tax on Olympic medals   Our athletes should not be taxed on their wins.
Great new ad from  'Next Year...President  in Jerusalem the Capital of Israel'  interest payments on the debt have already passed $375B this year   China is laughing at us---as usual.
New job numbers once again show no growth or recovery. Unemployment has been over 8 for 41 straight months--now up to 8.3
Over 150000 more of our fellow Americans dropped out of the workforce in July.  is a disaster!
Congratulations to Gabby Douglas on winning the Gold for the USA in gymnastics. She is terrific!
Congratulations to  on concluding the greatest Olympic career ever. You have made us all very proud.
Our athletes in the Olympics are proving once again to be the greatest competitors in the world. Makes us proud to be Americans.
China's Olympic training program is abusive  It is modern day slavery amp; shameful. Their (cont)  'extremely credible source' has called my office amp; told me that  applied to Occidental as a foreign student--think about it!
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that  birth certificate is a fraud.
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that  bought his house with the help of Tony Rezko.
"Failure defeats losers failure inspires winners." -- Robert T. Kiyosaki will create 2 million new jobs if elected POTUS.  If reelected  will create over $12T in new debt. Easy choice.
Wrong-- '08 campaign manager amp; current Senior WH Advisor collected $100G fee from Iranian affiliate  - David Plouffe collected $100G fee from Iranian affiliate only a month before joining   Fed should not do another 'stimulus.' We can't keep spending our children's future away on waste.
The Senate should be more concerned about actually passing a budget than spreading lies about  taxes.
Congratulations to  marked the 1 YR anniversary of our country's credit being downgraded  real war on women--over 175000 fewer held jobs in July amp; 94000 dropped out of labor force   We must do better.
My  interview discussing the  convention  sealed records amp;  tax claim is suing to suppress the military vote in Ohio  Our Commander in Chief should be ashamed.
Glad to hear Clint Eastwood endorsed  He understands that America needs a big boost to be strong again.
I went to  play. I will be doing a review in the next #trumpvlog.
Now China 'calls in' US diplomats to lecture them on their illegal escapades.   The new reality.  is weak.
The real outsourcer -  is funding German automakers with the GM bailout money   How does that help us?
The  has 'clarified' that the unemployment is actually 8.254 not 8.3    A little sensitive are we?
I have founded and run one of the largest real estate empires in the world. I employ thousands of people. Why am I the enemy?
Now the world is looking to China for an economic 'lift'    has ruined our economic hegemony.
To the geniuses at 'Americans United for Change': the more you tax me the less people I employ. Get it?
Glad to hear that  will be speaking at the  Convention. He is a true conservative and fantastic governor!
A 'confidential source' has called my office and told me that  has added over $6T to the new national debt amp;  ruined US credit.
I am honored that  has featured my plane in one of his attack ads. It was made in America!
Tune in for my interview with  tonight at 10 pm  that  is hitting  on ending work requirements for welfare. Obama attacks the American work ethic.
Looking forward to meeting the great folks of Sarasota GOP party when I am honored as 'Statesman of the Year.' Should be a wonderful time.
People are finally beginning to hit China and OPEC. They never give me credit for being the first--by far--but that's okay!
. is doing very badly. Also very inaccurate stories. Like AOL when will they fail?
Tucson killer Loughner should be given the death penalty not his plea bargained life in prison--which will cost (cont)  article by   -- "Obama's College Classmate: 'The Obama Scandal Is at Columbia'"  NYPost reports " Magazine dropped 18 to only 283938 newsstand copies sold." Very sad amp; their bloggers are doing even worse!
My  interview on  discussing  dirty tactics amp; how  should respond   interview on  discussing the  convention  sealed records amp; real estate advice  major airports are decaying. It's embarrassing. We need to have them renovated by competent professionals--and fast.
My  interview on The John Gambling Show discussing the 2012 election Trump real estate projects amp; our airports  always enjoy being interivewed on  by John Gambling. My father Fred used to listen to his father's show.
Pathetic-- is 'sweetening' his offer to the Taliban  Read 'The Art of The Deal.'
No surprise that China was caught cheating in the Olympics. That's the Chinese M.O. - Lie Cheat amp; Steal in all international dealings.
. Rob our children's future by borrowing from the Chinese to pay for socialist programs that will bankrupt us.
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does."  -- William James
Job openings are at a 4 year high but businesses aren't hiring   Why? ObamaCare US debt amp;  tax plan.
These are facts: In 2001 the US opened its markets to China amp; since then more than 2 million Americans can't (cont)   is already asking supporters to 'find dirt' on  VP picks   Dirty tactics.
To all struggling young entrepreneurs--stay positive in this tough climate and keep looking for good deals. They are out there.
Have you been to the  in the Trump Tower Atrium? Best meatloaf in the City--my mother's famous recipe. 212.836.3249
I wonder if  ever had an Indonesian passport. Did he become an Indonesian citizen when he lived there?
The brand new season of  starts filming in less than 5 weeks. The 'All Star' cast will be announced very soon.
"Americans never quit." -- General Douglas MacArthur
Over 100M are now receiving some form of welfare  We must do better.  has the vision to get America working.
See Newsmax story re Republican National Convention   more  crony capitalism amp; corruption. We are guaranteeing a $105M loan to another Obama donor  'Donald Trump' song is at 64.5M views on YouTube   You're welcome Mac!
Just letting China know in advance that the USA will win the medal count in the Olympics. Even with your cheating you can't beat us.
Waste. With 22 new taxes amp; $1.8T in added debt  disgraceful 'ObamaCare' will still leave 30M uninsured  review of  show great press on Trump International Golf Links Scotland and more in today's #trumpvlog-  and  I gave a great review of your show in my #trumpvlog  CEO John Schnatte has told shareholders that ObamaCare will force him to raise pizza prices  REPEAL!
Received a beautiful letter from Joe Paterno's son Jay. He really loved and respected his father.
The Penn State Board should resign based on the grossly incompetent way they handled the NCAA. They gave away (cont)  recent Presidents have released their transcripts. What is  hiding?
China is cooking up conspiracy theories that the Olympics are rigged.    They don't understand why they can't cheat.
The failing New York Daily News knowingly incorrectly reported that I wanted to speak at the Republican National Convention--wrong!
As we told the  I was asked to speak at the RNC but said no because I will be doing something much bigger--just watch!
I will be speaking the night before the RNC in Sarasota FL when I receive the "Statesman of the Year" award.
Newsmax article: 'Trump Declines Prime Time GOP Convention Speech'  newspaperScotland reports that "Tourism jump is thanks to Trump." 8000 visitors in one month from 20 countries  given a raw deal in  story--not fair.
Our airports are Third World--horrible. Let's rebuild them by people who know how to do it--inexpensively.
Watch my video blog to see if your questions from my Facebook page were answered-  to our great Women's Olympic Soccer team  on their gold medal. They made us all proud!
Sad--only 36 think America's best days are ahead while 49 believe they are in the past   We can amp; must do better.
Waste-- Dep. of Energy was warned in advance by Treasury that it wasn't loaning $ out in good deals   Was Barack Obama A Foreign Exchange Student?  2 million people have lost their jobs since  became POTUS. How many of them still have healthcare?
"Believe you can and you're halfway there."--Pres. Theodore Roosevelt
Monday morning 7:30 AM I'll be on  Tune in!
Today  will borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends from China. Just another day at the office.
The Chicago machine is scared.  shows that  will run on a conservative amp; coherent platform. 85 days until victory!
Trump Chicago was featured in Transformers 3.  Trump Tower was featured in Dark Knight Rises. Both are summer blockbusters. #MidasTouch
Obama Care stole more then $500M from Medicare.
Glad to hear patriotic Americans are organizing a movement this August to boycott Chinese products   People get it!
Borrowing and spending is not the way to prosperity. --  08  predicted that US headed toward bankruptcy   has added over $6T in debt since. Scary.
Congratulations to our Olympic team for by far winning the most medals including first place gold.
Today is #TrumpTuesday on  7:30 AM. Tune in!
My  interview discussing  pick of  how to frame Medicare debate amp;  convention    "Trump will have 'memorable' role at GOP convention"   It's true just wait and see...
Via  "Donald Trump to 'surprise' GOP convention. What might he do?"   Answer: Something major!
Now is the time to buy a house if you can DIRECTLY from a bank. They want to get rid of all their foreclosures.
Today I am working on my 'big surprise' for the  convention. Everyone will love it.
Glad to hear  will be delivering the Keynote for the  convention. He will deliver a strong message.
By the US winning the Olympic medal count we proved that both the American spirit amp; talent is greater than a 1.4B population. USA!
Every sports fan is treated to an All Star game. The loyal and growing fan base of  will be getting a much bigger treat!
Great news--Chinese companies who were fixing prices and accounting are leaving the US stock market  #TimeToGetTough
"The Chinese are planning on going to the Moon...I hope they stop and take a look at our flag that was put there 43 years ago." - Euro is going to collapse soon. Cross border lending is already down and banks are stopping their Euro investments.
. is promoting ugly inefficient unreliable bird-killing noisy neighborhood-destroying wind turbines. Big mistake.
Nobody wants wind turbines they are failing all over the world and need massive subsidy--a disaster for taxpayers.
Watch  explain how "'It's irrefutable' that President Obama is damaging Medicare'"   is a gaffe machine yesterday's comments that  will "put y'all back in chains" was not at all proper.
Congratulations to  on winning last night's primary!
Lightweight reporter Alex Pareene  is known as a total joke in political circles. Hence he writes for Loser Salon.  really glad that  no longer says what a nice guy  is.
Richard Mourdock--a very good man running for the Senate in Indiana. Hopefully he will win!  visited today-  thought--what is the pervert Anthony Weiner doing with all the free time he has. Does he collect unemployment?
I have hired renowned golf course architect Gil Hanse to rebuild The Blue Monster at Doral. He designed the 2016 (cont)  acquisition of the Doral in Maimi will be a major success for the Trump Organization. The re-building is on schedule.
I have always done well with properties fronting on oceans lakes and rivers. If something works stay with it.
Congratulations to Linda McMahon on her victory in the Connecticut Senate primary. She is an amazing woman--smart as you get!  Billion from Medicare by  When will it end?
 is suggesting football is going away and  will lose.  is a moron.
Chelsea Clinton will be very successful in the world of politics. She's always been a great person--a winner. (cont)  you don't have a competitive advantage don't compete."   -- Jack Welch
"Mr. President take your campaign of division and anger and hate back to Chicago." --   should have an amazing team next year with Kobe Nash and Howard. Will be fun to watch.
One of the hardest jobs in politics must be cleaning up after  gaffes. I feel sorry for his spokespeople.
Military reps have attacked  over Bin Laden leaks--they believe he's just using this for his benefit. Not a big surprise...
The Huffington Post is such a loser--it will die just as AOL is dying What a stupid deal AOL made to buy it!
My interview with Don Imus on  discussing my  convention surprise amp;  China policy  more dangerous for the country--the Iranian nuclear threat or  as President?
I wonder what the work atmosphere is like  It must be hard working at a dying institution.
A great photo of  and me  Internet sites are like a bad epidemic that won't go away---others are terrific
There's only only one person who has defunded Medicare. His name is  to  on passing 1000 episodes.  is still going strong after all these years-- is great!
I still hold the all-time attendance and pay per view record at  are only 22 days for  to drop  Obama is not a loyal guy. I think he is strongly considering it.
Jennifer Aniston is engaged--she's a great person and I wish her well.
. could very well be close to attacking Iran. Could be this election's big October surprise...
I always said  will attack Iran in some form prior to the election.
Good news -  has pulled ahead in Wisconsin   WIth  on the ticket Wisconsin is in play.
Palm Springs CA has been destroyed--absolutely destroyed--by the world's ugliest wind farm at the Gateway on Interstate 10. Very very sad!
Wind farms are killing many thousands of birds. They make hunters look like nice people!
"The harder I work the luckier I get." -- Samuel Goldwyn
. shouldn't give additional tax returns until  gives his passport records college records amp; applications...
... is hiding plenty of bad things.
The country of Georgia is a small wonder. Performing well economically under the leadership of  A great American ally.
Jeffrey Robinson's #TrumpTower has it all. The ultra rich powerful and beautiful. It's your summer must-read.    interview on  discussing why debt commission should be  discussed in debates amp;  convention    interview discussing why  is not a nice guy and who will win the 2012 election   "Trump course sparks international interest"  had to give $1000 to  brother for his child's hospital bill    Isn't that disgraceful?
Great sign:"We built this business without government help. Obama can kiss our a--!"  Commonly heard now across America!
Even NY Democrats are avoiding  convention    He is dragging his own party down with him
Great speech on China by  yesterday where he explains why China is treating  like a "Doormat"  amp;  get what needs to be done to reign in China.  gets kicked around by the Chinese.
The US government's foreign debt is at a record $5.29T   China is laughing all the way to the bank.
US government's foreign indebtedness has grown over 72 under  He is bleeding us dry to China.
If  really loved this country he wouldn't be destroying it. He has ruined our credit and killed jobs with ObamaCare.
Congratulations to  on leading Virginia to be in the black for a 3rd straight year. He is a fantastic governor.
I'll be on  on Monday at 7:30 AM--tune in!
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." --Vidal Sassoon
Congratulations to  and Arnold  on 'Expendables 2' #1 box office opening. Still going strong!
Oil is rising back over $100 barrel. OPEC loves to rip us off. Why shouldn't they--they always get away with it.
Americans already believe that  is better qualified to serve as  President over      No surprise.
Scary thought-- is a heartbeat away from the Presidency.
Unemployment is up in 44 states showing July's unemployment numbers to be broad based    is a job killer.
Why are we continuing to train these Afghanis who then shoot our soldiers in the back? Afghanistan is a complete waste. Time to come home!
"I dream for a living." --Steven Spielberg
. get better fast. I'm starting to miss you!
Congratulations to Billy Payne and   on doing the right thing.
The  released a new #StrongisBeautiful celebrity campaign today. Amazing athletes. Proud to be a part of this.    interview discussing how  is running a hateful campaign amp; the  convention 'Surprise'   interview discussing #TRUMPTUESDAYS high ratings  statement amp;  policies   of my #TRUMPTUESDAY  interview discussing how the US gets killed negotiating with other countries  you have any doubt that  must be defeated see  '2016: Obama's America.' Amazing film!
In less than a week I'll be honored by  Sarasota GOP as Statesman of the Year amp; then give my big surprise to  convention. Will be fun!
We have to get tough with China before they destroy us.
Glad to hear that  has put some strong anti-China referendums in the  convention platform.
It's Tuesday. I wonder how much money  lost today--great purchase AOL
. was great on  last night. Roger and Larry are good friends!
Amazing--both Transformers amp; Dark Knight Rises featured Trump properties and each grossed over $1B. Just coincidence.
Every economic climate whether an uptick or downturn presents new opportunities and challenges.
Distressed real estate opportunities can make great investments. You need the foresight and instincts to know the property's true potential.
Glad to hear  attack ad featuring my plane is playing in North Carolina. Free ad time for Trump National in Charlotte!
Only three weeks until the new season of  begins filming--great all-star cast.
I am tired of  talking about  father. Why don't we discuss Barack Obama Sr.!
It's amazing how many people still come up to me to thank me for 'The Art of The Deal.' The book has changed a lot of lives.
Many people will be surprised at what is about to be released concerning  background. I for one won't be.
"An idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous." --Henry Ford
. thinks  is "What Washington's Social Scene Needs"  Truth is she's amazing.
My shirts ties and fragrance are doing "great" at  them! Make fantastic gifts.
. was caught telling Russian PM  that he can be more 'flexible' in his second term. Russia thinks he's weak.
Gas prices are soaring. $4.12 in CA. OPEC is laughing at how stupid we are.
Putin just sent a Russian nuclear sub to the Gulf of Mexico.  can't be bothered he is too concerned with  taxes.
We are about to have a record $500B trade deficit with the Chinese this year. That money should be back here financing jobs in America.
Congratulations to  Derek Jeter on passing Eddie Murray last night to become the 11th all-time  hit leader.
. book "A Nation of Wusses" is an excellent read--especially page 10. Go get it!
Can't wait to meet patriotic small business owners next week in Sarasota and Tampa! Hey  We Did Build It!
. said he doesn't take the Navy Seals campaigning against him "too seriously."
It's Wednesday. I wonder how much money  borrowed from China today?
Here's a sneak peek at the  convention theme:  "It's not our fault. Blame Bush. Oh and government built it."
"Change is not a destination just as hope is not a strategy." -- Rudy Giuliani
One of the best moves I made early in my career was buying the air rights from Tiffany's flagship. Trump Tower gleams over Fifth Avenue.
It's sad to see once decent newspapers like  failing so badly. I just don't know if they can be saved.
Today we just passed 1.4 million twitter followers..
Via  " to speak at   new ad from  titled "Nothing's Free"  detailing both the high costs and taxes of ObamaCare.
It's Thursday. I wonder how much money  drained from Medicare today to finance ObamaCare.
It is truly an honor that His Eminence Archbishop of New York  will be delivering the benediction at the  convention.
Wind turbines are a scourge to communities and wildlife. They are environmental disasters.
"Statesman of the Year" in Sarasota FL on Sunday night--will be terrific--a total sellout.
In any business venture remember that branding is one of the most crucial aspects of your enterprise. Fight hard for that brand of yours.
Amazing-- survived one more day without folding. The clock is ticking...
Massive combined inoculations to small children is the cause for big increase in autism....
...Spread shots out over long period and watch positive result.
 You have already made plenty because of me. How about a 5050 cut(just joking) see you soon!
. will make us energy independent by 2020   will keep wasting money on Solyndra projects.
The opening of #TrumpScotland- an exciting day on perhaps the world's best golf course watch the video-  independent watchdog who exonerated  for the failed green energy loans just donated $52500 to Obama's campaign.
A hurricane will be coming to Tampa. My  convention surprise hits Monday night!
"When your life flashes before your eyes make sure you've got plenty to watch." --Anonymous
The Muslim brotherhood is sending tanks into the Sinai amp; saying it doesn't violate Camp David accord.
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood President is visiting us next month.  is so excited.
I am very surprised that  gave up. I never thought he was a quitter...
. should immediately reconsider or his legacy is ruined.
Dishonest reporters knowingly write lies that I said children should not get vaccinated. I believe fully (cont)  Navy SEAL Questions  birthplace  "Falwell on Trump: He 'was willing to say publicly' what conservatives said 'privately'"   tragedy at the Empire State Building today. Must have fast trials and death penalty for the animals.
. is bankrupting this country. His budget adds another $4.4T to the debt putting us over $20T in total debt by 2016.
Disgusting-- supporters are launching an anti-Mormon whisper campaign   Shameful but no surprise.
I am proud of the Tea Party. These great patriots have accomplished so much in strengthening our country in only 3 short years.
Here is a letter I received yesterday from someone who has had personal experience with our health care situation.  brings you many surprises. As a child I used to vacation with my family at the Doral in Miami. Now I own it.  has been very good to me. I am really esxcited to give back at the Sarasota GOP event and  convention. Will be fun!
. '2016: Obama's America' is expanding to over 1000 theaters this weekend. Will be highest grossing documentary in 2012. !!
It's Friday. How many bald eagles did wind turbines kill today? They are an environmental amp; aesthetic disaster.
I am sure the  will do a great job bracketing the  convention. They are a tremendous statewide organization.
. sent over 100000 jobs and Canadian oil to China all because he would not approve Keystone XL.
. is begging the Eurozone to keep Greece in until after 11.6.12. He thinks the world revolves around his re-election.
"The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success." --Irving Berlin
Why do the Republicans keep apologizing on the so called "birther" issue? No more apologies--take the offensive!
I knew Chris Matthews when he was sane and quite honestly wonderful. Now he's gone off the deep end as an Obama surrogate.  point I made last night and will continue to push is that the  can't be pollitically correct. We must fight fire with fire.
Sorry to hear of the passing of Neil Armstrong over the weekend. He was an American hero.
It is very sad to see what  has done with NASA. He has gutted the program and made us dependent on the Russians.
Look what happened to the autism rate from 1983-2008 since one-time massive shots were given to children- succeed because they think they can." -- Virgil
. has completely failed the American people. U.S. annual incomes have fallen over 5 during his term   silent when   called  a murderer amp; felon. Mitt mentions 'birth certificate' and they go nuts. Double standard!
As usual the weather people got it wrong in Tampa. They just look for headlines amp; ratings!
The US Navy wants to go "green." Our Navy should use the best amp; most powerful fuel amp; not play games. Give me a break!
. writes that " should pray that China overtakes US"   Don't worry he is making it happen.
. is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision.
Don't think my statement on  was harsh if you knew her and the phony Huffington Post you would understand--- more to follow.
The Bay Bridge in San Francisco is being built by the Chinese--tremendous cost overruns. A total mess. We should build our own bridges etc
My   interview discussing the  Convention businesses making products in China and unemployment  everyone adores you- including me- get well fast!
Ask China if their rapidly expanding (with our money) Navy or Armed Forces are going "green" -- They would laugh in your face!
"Trump urges GOP to be 'mean as hell'"    Via  when  ran for Governor of California. She got 3 votes.
Happy to hear that  Faith and Freedom chapters are at the  convention supporting  We must be united to win!
. and I are looking forward to watching  speech tonight. She is an amazing woman who will be a great First Lady!
. is going to do a fantastic job tonight explaining why   should be elected and  has to go.
It's Tuesday--how much inflation has  spending caused today on the price of food and gas?
"I stand ready to lead us down a new path where we are lifted up by our desire to succeed not by a resentment of success." --  Super PAC has continually called  a "murderer"    Ironic since Obama is destroying Medicare.
I can't wait to read this...RT  SEAL Book Explodes Obama Furious  am very worried that if  is re-elected then Medicare will be destroyed. We must take care of our seniors.
. dismal job record is reason alone that he must be defeated this November.
What a coincidence--Michelle Obama called Kenya  "homeland" in 2008   must be worried that  will win this November. They have never had such a pushover like  excerpt of my  interview at the Sarasota 'Statesman of the Year' dinner discussing the Tea Party  to  on delivering a knock out speech last night. America can't wait to call her our First Lady.
My  #TrumpTuesday interview discussing the 2012 election OPEC ripping us off amp;  job policy   speech by my good friend  He did something you won't hear at  convention---tell the truth.
It's Wednesday how much money is China stealing from us today?
"New business start-ups at the lowest level in 30 years and the EPA is now the Employment Prevention Agency." --  one will work harder. No one will move heaven and earth like Mitt Romney to make this country a better place to live!" --  needs  and  and we need them right now." --  am astonished that the media continues to lie.  gutted welfare reform. It is a fact!
China's media is attacking  while endorsing     Of course. Mitt knows it's Time To Get Tough.
I was putting together my early deals in New York amp; I was advised by many that I was too young. Believe in yourself amp; you can do anything.
It's Thursday and again I ask--how much money is China stealing from us?
Even the SEALS who killed Bin Laden don't like    prices are way too high. With an economy contracting and lower demand how do OPEC amp; the speculators get away with this?!
Only two weeks until we start shooting  We really have something amazing for the fans this year.
Congratulations to  on last night's tremendous speech. Mike united the party faithful and explained that we can do better.
"Let me say it as clearly as possible that the attack on my Catholic brothers and sisters is an attack on me." --  Huckabee
The dummies left Iraq (and Libya) without the oil!
"After four  years of getting the run-around America needs a turnaround and the man for the job is Governor Mitt Romney."  wonder what  was thinking last night as  delivered that knockout speech. Joe should call in sick for the VP debate.
Book on Bin Laden is a terrible violation of code--makes  story a big lie.
I am impressed with how clearly  explains the challenges we face and the solutions  will bring as President.
Too busy playing golf?  sends form letters with an electronic  signature to the parents of fallen SEALs     begging me to go back on his low rated show--calls lots--must apologize for racist comment.
Of course  attacked 'birthers' in praising  speech. Chris has completely lost it.
A fact--golfers don't get aches amp; pains like others who don't golf. It is amazingly remedial.
It's Friday how many advertisers dropped  today?
Gas prices are about to hit a record high during the Labor Day weekend.  could have stopped this.
"If you accept the expectations of others especially negative ones then you will never change the outcome."  -- Michael Jordan
I loved watching Clint Eastwood last night--he was terrific!
. entire life and career have  built  prosperity and growth.
"Obama's ideas don't move us 'Forward' they take us 'Backwards.' These are ideas people come to America to get away from." -- was great the other night. People love him.
We have all the cards. Now is the time to make a great deal with Iran.
I am sure the Chinese are getting anxious. They watch the polls.  won't let them cheat us anymore.
. assault on coal and gas and oil will send energy and manufacturing jobs to China." -- is now deploying drones across ocean routes used for trade  They stole the technology from us.
Republicans should have been much tougher on Obama. Just wait until you see what Obama does to Romney at the DNC!
Andy Roddick...a great tennis player is a fantastic guy with a wonderful wife.
Republicans are always saying Obama is such a nice guy. When will they learn that he is not?
 on  tonight with her fabulous Melania Timepieces amp; Jewelry. Tune in at 1AM EST!
If you have a speech-one that would put Winston Churchill to shame liberals would find a way to make it sound terrible!
I win awards for speaking-but the enemies either won't comment or will say only bad...leave Clint alone!
Great going Andy Roddick! Another victory for a fabulous player. Brooklyn Decker is good luck.
As I predicted 1 year ago gasoline prices hit a record high today...OPEC is having a ball at our expense.
"Be  yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected." -- Steve Jobs
Joe Paterno's family should sue the idiots  that made that ridiculous deal--and commissioned the one sided report.
Why does  have such a fascination with my plane? He is more than welcomed to come for a ride.
Is this Hope amp; Change? A record 46.7M Americans were on food stamps this past June. We must do better.
Smart move by  having Pres. Bill Clinton deliver the  convention keynote.
The media can track down  old girlfriend and marathon time but can't find  college applications or other info.
Record setting gas prices in the U.S. -- we're really looking dumb. Lots of $'s being made on us.
With our national debt passing $16T during the  convention  has amassed more debt than the first 42 presidents. Scary.
NBC Wall St Journal Poll of African American voters: 94  0  worse than Hillary's old numbers. Is that racism?
The Chinese are better off than they were 4 years ago. They have stolen even more from us in jobs amp; trade during  term.
OPEC is better off than they were 4 years ago. Gas has more than doubled during  term. Outrageous!
What message does it send when  campaign has to spin whether America is better off than it was 4 years ago?
July U.S. construction had biggest drop in 12months. Bad indicator on economic numbers for rest of the year.
No surprise.  is letting the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt default on their US loans   Big mistake!
Very good speech by  under great pressure--Dems should be proud!
. teammate is angry and jealous--he is no Lance.
Why does US doping agency destroy an American icon  for events that took place years ago in France?
. revise your decision to quit--go back and fight.
With all the talk of fiscal responsibility at the  convention yesterday it was ironic that the debt passed $16T.
. is a special player. After winning the Gold for the US in the Olympics it looks like she will (cont)  every T.V. show is asking me to go on--especially the  It's simple--I get the ratings!
I wish the 23 million who are unemployed were able to celebrate like the Democrats in Charlotte right now.
North Carolina is a fantastic state with wonderful people. I enjoy my time there when I visit Trump National Charlotte.
Better off? The $16T US debt works out to $136260 per household a 50 increase since  took office.
Have you seen the new #TRUMP line of clothing apparel and fragrances  Selling like hotcakes. Great for Christmas gifts etc.
The Democrats dropped all references to God from their platform. Not good!
Scary thought--is the sexual pervert Anthony Weiner now in Charlotte? Did he bring his phone with him?
"Change before you have to." --Jack Welch
Other networks are begging me to do a show--I can't because I'm doing the Apprentice!
Once again under the US has fallen down the ranks of global competitiveness    We must do better.
Bill Clinton did a great job last night--the Democrats are lucky to have him. Do you really believe he likes  is flying supply planes to Syria through Iraqi airspace. Thank you United States for making this possible!
"Donald Trump Has Given Millions To Pro-Romney SuperPACs and His Whole Family Is Cutting Checks to Mitt's Campaign"   is now taking credit for changing party platform language but he reviewed it prior to the convention  we will never know if  would have been able to fill Bank of America Stadium. Pretty convenient.
The delegates at the  convention keep shouting "Four More Years." Four more years of 18 real unemployment and another $6T in debt?
After  speech tonight--which should be well delivered--reality will hit Friday morning when the new jobs report is released.
Remember while  is lauding himself tonight with self-indulgent compliments we have our brave soldiers fighting in Afghanistan.
The Chinese are mistreating Hillary Clinton on her trip   They have zero respect for us. Outrageous!
"Forty-seven million now on food stamps. When he came to office there were 32 million. He's added 15 million people." -- gone from $10 trillion that the president inherited from all prior presidents to $16 trillion" --   has been POTUS for 1.6 of America's history he has amassed 33.3 of the total debt.
Under  1 out of every 7 Americans is on food stamps.
The YouTube of the 2012 Miss USA contestants  and me singing "Call Me Maybe"     has over 2M views.
The Republicans must get Virgil Goode out of the race in Virginia. He will take votes away from  had a very good and professional convention. The Republicans must be smart and tough--and fast!
Drew Peterson a real sleaze just convicted of killing wife. Change the law so he gets death penalty.
Today's job report is dismal. Now a record 88921000 Americans are no longer in the work force.
There are now 119000 fewer Americans employed than there were in July. The economy is still terrible.
Unemployment rate only dropped because more people are out of labor force amp; have stopped looking for work.Not a real recovery phony numbers
This chart from AEI's  shows how terrible  'recovery' really is:    Disaster.
If  had to use the same labor participation he had when he entered office then the unemployment number would be 11.2
A lot of people strongly advised me against doing  Next week we start filming the record 13th seasonHence go with your gut!
During  presidency median family income has fallen 4.8   Terrible for the middle class.
One of the best moves I ever made was staying out of last decade's artificial real estate boom. But I used the downturn to my advantage.
I'll be on  on Monday at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
"You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something sometime in your life." -- Winston Churchill
In today's #trumpvlog I speak about Clint Eastwood the #DNC and Drew Peterson-  asked a 7 yr old for his birth certificate. He's "in your face" because the Republicans dropped the ball. (cont)  Obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people"--Clint Eastwood
Barack Obama used to mock Bush's 300K monthly job reports  Now Obama wishes he could have a month half as good.
Why has Barack Obama repeatedly told inconsistent stories about his religious background?     Who is he?
"You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals."--General George S. Patton
Obama called August's job report "progress." Overall 96K new jobs amp; over 173K new people on food stamps we remember and honor our fellow Americans and NYPD and FDNY who fell 11 years ago.
An impromptu interview I did with German TV on 911 down by Ground Zero discussing the attack and WTC Towers  the 911 attack and coverage with  while hosting the 25th anniversary of his  show    #TrumpTuesday interview with Ken Langone amp; Dick Grasso discussing the Chicago teachers' strike  2012   If Republicans 'don't get tough they're not going to win this election'"   via  this solemn day of remembrance we can all take joy in the fact that Bin Laden's last sight was a Navy SEAL pulling the trigger.
The onus of the Chicago teachers' strike falls squarely on the teachers amp; their union. Inexcusable to leave children without school.
Whatever happened to Obama's 'independent investigation' into national security leaks from his administration? Where's the media?
84 of US troops wounded amp; 70 of our brave men amp; women killed in Afghanistan have all come under Obama. Time to get out of there.
Why won't Obama release his college applications? Is there something 'foreign' about them?
China is an international pariah. They are now harassing Japan over its purchase of 3 uninhabited islands   fundraising and campaigning on our dime Obama has skipped over 50 of his intel briefings    has started filming our record 13th season this week thanks to our big and very loyal fan base.
"If Obama wins it is the end of the Republican party." --  is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare." -- Sun Tzu
I hope the  realizes that if they blow this election the Tea Party won't be with them next time.
Why is the Pentagon wasting precious dollars on going 'green.' Complete waste. We need the best amp; easiest fuel for our military.
When will Obama next go on vacation if he wins the election? The day after.
We fight to free Libya and they kill our Ambassador and other Americans. Obama's foreign policy is a joke.
An attack on our Embassy is an attack on our soil. We have been attacked by Libya. Go into Libya amp; take the (cont)  doesn't know what he's doing. His foreign policy is a disaster. Libya Egypt Iraq Afghanistan--all (cont)  always said the people we fought for in Libya were bad news. Once again I was right.
Libya is selling its oil to China--I notice the Chinese Ambassador is very safe.
Obama is a disaster at foreign policy. Never had the experience or knowledge. He is not capable of doing the job.
The Middle East is blowing up--we didn't back Egypt and now they riot against us. Iran is using Iraqi airspace (cont)  bad as they were I don't remember our embassies being attacked when Mubarak and Gaddafi were in power.
What did we get for fighting in Libya besides a dead Ambassador. Demand their oil.
It's Wednesday how many more of our embassies will be stormed by Islamists?
OPEC will use yesterday's attacks on our embassies to raise the price of gas. They are always ripping us off.
So Obama can host the Muslim Brotherhood Pres. Morsi in the White House   but doesn't have time for  disgraceful that the Obama Administration's first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic (cont)  will go down as the worst President in history on many topics but especially foreign policy.
No surprise.  displayed Russian ships in tribute to vets   Did they mean to honor the Russians?
"Those who refuse to draw red line to Iran don't have the moral right to put a red line to  --   guess Obama's Cairo Speech really worked out. The Muslim Brotherhood stormed our embassy on 9.11. Imagine if Obama speaks in Beijing?
Deja vu - I can remember a time when our embassies were stormed under another failed President. Obama=Carter.
Our $16T national debt is now bigger than our $15T GDP. If Obama is re-elected watch for an economic meltdown in 2013.
"The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary." -- Vince Lombardi
Weakness cow towing and not standing firm is provocative. We are getting pushed around and robbed under this President.
This is all about American weakness and an incompetent President.
We threw our ally Mubarak overboard and Egypt is now our enemy. Great going Obama--Israel is in trouble.
Obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst President we have ever had.
With the high prices of corn to continue expect even more inflation on the price of food.
Romneys campaign is being put on the defensive. He cannot let this happen. Stop pandering. Must get tougher (cont)  Obama was smart he would cancel the Muslim Brotherhood's WH visit later this month. He won't.
Wake Up America!  See article: "Israeli Science: Obama Birth Certificate is a Fake"  of the record 13th season of  has started. Be sure to be on the lookout for future updates.
Obama told  that Egypt is no longer an ally. They used to be until he pushed out Mubarak.
Shouldn't there have been increased security at our embassies on the anniversary of 911?
With allies like Egypt and Libya who needs enemies?!
What a coincidence that Obama's good friends in Libya and Egypt picked 911 to attack our embassies.
The media is pathetic. Our embassies are savaged by radicals while Obama does nothing and all they can do is criticize  will be speaking Monday September 24 (10 A.M.) at Liberty University to a record setting student body. I look forward to it!
Why are we still giving billions of dollars we don't have in foreign aid to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt?
It's Thursday how many more bias press reports will be released against  convention bounce is gone.  has retaken the lead in the latest    should continue to stay on offense on the embassy issue. Obama who put these radicals in power deserves blame.
Welcome to Obama's America--record high poverty and an 8 drop in median household family income   Four more years?
Congratulations to Obama and the  The federal deficit has topped $1T for a fourth year in a row   Nice work!
I keep getting great feedback on new #TRUMP cologne 'Success.' Exclusively available at   And best shirts amp; ties
Must see video--Obama's criticism of  is identical to Carter's on Reagan  is so permanent as a temporary government program." -- Milton Friedman
WOW! I just heard that the previously unknown singer Mac Miller has received over 67 million hits on his song "Donald Trump."
I hate  redesign--the logo is terrible. Lightweight Al Neuharth must've had something to do with this No wonder paper is failing.
  Sam you're 100 correct. Frankly I wish they'd scram.
  That could be. Agreed.
Oh no another rapper doing a Trump song --"Young Jeezy - Trump Lyrics." Why aren't these guys paying me?
My  interview discussing QE3 the housing market my stock picks and the 2012 election   "Donald Trump Calls Barack Obama 'Incompetent'"  with an ankle injury  Captain Derek Jeter tied Willie Mays last night for #10 on (cont)    Sometimes that's necessary.
  Josh--Thanks I think you're right.
 Thanks Scott. I appreciate your nice words.
It's amazing-- has completely lost all connections to reality. He is a complete shill for Obama.
Why doesn't Obama let our marines who are guarding the embassies in Egypt have live ammunition? They need it fast.
RT  For nearly 4 years Barack Obama has refused to crack down on China's cheating amp; American workers have paid the price.
  Jody--Agreed.
  This is our 13th season. No precise date yet but most likely in the early spring. Shooting is underway. Will be terrific.
QE3 is going to further sink the dollar into oblivion. Creates artificial numbers for short term market gains. (cont)  surprise--Obama's Deputy Campaign Manager tweeted link from Chinese propaganda outlet  Did she also write it?
First Obama says Egypt is not an ally. Then he promises to keep handing over aid     Incompetent and unqualified.
If you want to know how to prevail through tough circumstances then read "The Art of the Comeback."
Hey  hear you are undecided in the election. I can explain why you should vote for  jobless claims are up once again. The economy cannot recover with Obama in office.
"Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world except money."--Johnny Cash
Occupy Wall Street is at it again- go out and get a job. It's actually easier work and far more rewarding.
Kate Middleton is great--but she shouldn't be sunbathing in the nude--only herself to blame.
After being ripped off for years Obama finally figured out that China is taking advantage of us. He's finally listening to me.
Via  "Donald Trump tweets Obama is 'an incompetent President'"  If Republicans 'don't get tough they're not going to win this election'"   Via  is our unlucky President. Everything he touches turns into a mess. Some people just don't have it!
Gas prices have doubled under Obama. Over $5gallon now in California. We must start drilling from our own resources to become independent.
Teachers in Chicago should go back to work immediately.Rahm Emanuel has offered them a fair deal. Now they're just acting for the cameras.
With 50 days until the election it is #TimeToGetTough for  amp;  Manning staged a great comeback in 4th quarter--an elite quarterback.
Still a buyer's market. Buy directly from a bank. They want to offload properties that have defaulted will give good prices amp; financing.
While Obama is denying it he did receive intelligence about the attacks 3 days before  Too busy campaigning?
It's Monday how many more excuses will Obama make today about the economy?
China is now attacking Japan's economy for leverage   Soon they will try the same with us. #TimeToGetTough
"A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have." -- Pres. Abraham Lincoln
I'll be at Liberty University Monday 10 AM for speech. Looking forward to meeting students--all sold out!
At the National Achievers Congress in London this October I'm going to talk about success and how to avoid failure   I never went bankrupt. Enemies love to say I did. Didn't happen.
Now a small country like Sudan tells Obama he can't send any more Marines    We are a laughing stock.
 They had both interest and aptitude. They've done a terrific job.
My  #TrumpTuesday interview discussing QE3  leaked comments Middle East amp; US oil capability    interview discussing my  video amp; why  should not apologize  morning   played some of the  video I filmed for the Tampa Convention  49 days until the election  needs to stay on offense. He should not be apologizing. Deflect onto Obama's record.
The majority of Americans agree with  comments on  and Iran.
It's Tuesday. How many more non-stories will the liberal media try to manufacture so everyone ignores Obama's record?
None of Romney's leaked comments change the fact that Obama is a complete disaster. 20 real unemployment and $6T in deficit spending.
Liberal press won't look into why Obama ignored security warnings for embassies but is obsessed with Romney's private comments.
.  Industrial turbines are destroying our land.
.  I don't know a lot about failures. And as you know I never went bankrupt.
Can you believe--they are blaming  for Egypt.
Our soldiers can't even have any more joint exercises with Afghan soldiers because they are getting shot in the (cont)  be on  tonight at 10 PM Fox News
Obama killed over 100k jobs by not approving Keystone XL pipeline and Canada is now selling the oil to China--very dumb!
Filming for  Season 13 is now into the 2nd week. The 'All-Star' cast is already hard at work.
 It will be fantastic!
   Tune in!
   Dopey--I have never filed for bankruptcy (as you know!)
Obama should play golf with Republicans amp; opponents rather than his small group of friends. That way maybe the terrible gridlock would end.
The stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting!
Technology has shown we have tremendous energy resources right under our feet that we didn't know about 5 years ago.
Oil would be $25 a barrel if our government would let us drill. Our country would be rich again--who needs OPEC.
My  interview    "The Donald's video should have trumped Eastwood" by    let them build a wind turbine in your backyard (or near your house). It will destroy your property value.
China has been unfairly subsidizing the export of cars amp; auto parts. I've been saying this for 3 years...
...come down hard--tax the hell out of their imports and reduce our deficit fast.
Via  "Romney Said Nothing Wrong"  Obama is 'Unlucky President'"  via  you seen the new #Trump fall collection exclusively available  Top selling brand nationwide.Ties shirts fragrance-great gifts.
QE3 a political favor for Obama will cause record inflation on food and fuel.  This hits low income families the hardest. Big mistake.
Isnt it great that Obama had time yesterday to fundraise with Jay Z and do  while there is a record 21 real unemployment!
To be successful never give up. My secrets to success will be shared at the National Achievers Congress in London.  article by Chris Ruddy  " and Jackie's Example"   interview with  explaining why Mitt should not apologize   article by   Is Time to Use The Trump Card   Thanks Matt for the nice mention
Yesterday I was in Washington D.C. visiting the #TRUMP Old Post Office renovation. It will be magnificent.
      every time Islamic militants attack they will use that movie as an excuse    What was the excuse before the movie?
  Nice to hear--and good luck!
 Thanks and we will keep you posted.
  Not a bad idea.( I'm in a magnanimous mood.)
It is now clear that the Embassy attack in Libya was a coordinated Al Qaeda operation and not based on some video.
Obama's Def. Sec. just said US Asia focus 'not aimed to contain China'  China is hoping that Obama is re-elected.
     important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing." --Albert Einstein
I really like Chelsea Clinton--an amazing young woman. She got the best of both parents. ( agrees)
Watch--yesterday Obama continued to evade questions on his security failures in the Benghazi consulate attack.   A happy and healthy family.
At the Univision forum Obama continued to make excuses for Fast and Furious  His operation killed innocent Americans.
I have fun I love what I do. You should too. Find out how at the National Achievers Conference this October.  premium costs from Obamacare will cost businesses billions   Guess where these new costs get passed to  you.
...but interestingly the same people seem to be lucky.
No matter how diligent you are in evaluating a business deal there is invariably one factor you have no control over--luck...
I'll be on  Monday at 7:30 AM. Tune in!
  It's real.
A letter from an amazing woman  letter written to one of my many critics!  Ryder Cup will be amazing this week.
Just left Liberty University. Chancellor Jerry Falwell Jr.amp; his father have done an amazing job...great school amp; the students were fantastic
Why did  give his tax returns without demanding that Obama release his college records amp; applications in return?
The Republican Party must spend its money wisely and do incredible television commercials. They must be tough and smart.
With all of the bad economic numbers and horrendous foreign policy Obama should be down by 12 points--and he's not.
The Emmys were horrendous...the absolute worst show!
"Amazing Race" winning an Emmy again is a total joke. The Emmys have no credibility--no wonder the ratings are at record lows.
The Emmys are all politics that's why despite nominations The Apprentice never won--even though it should have many times over.
All these polls released by news outlets are oversampling Democrats. They want to influence public perception of the race.
Despite all of China's cheating they are not doing that well--we can beat them--our country has great potential!
The attack on our Libyan consulate was the worst attack on the US since 911. Time for Obama to come clean.
With Obama and Bernanke destroying the value of the dollar gold and real estate should continue to rise in value.
RT  I am running for president to get us creating wealth again--not to redistribute it.
Today I spoke  Convocation a great crowd... budget deficits are so out of control that he has to borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends.
Living in denial--only 15 of Democrats think that recent economic news is poor  your place at the National Achievers Congress in London. It will be an amazing event with a great surprise.  debates are going to have a big impact on the election.  has proved--in Florida--he delivers under pressure.
Home values have sunk a record 15 under Obama.
Coincidence? Obama and Ahmadinejad each describe  warning over the Iranian nuclear program as just 'noise'  Brotherhood head of Egypt Morsi is already making demands on Obama before the WH visit. Obama's foreign policy is a complete failure.
"Even if you're on the right track you'll get run over if you just sit there." --Will Rogers
The Obama Economy--workers added to disability and individuals added to food stamps more than doubles net jobs created  Thanks!
  I am sure you would be just fine!
"Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail." -- Charles F. Kettering
 Not a bad idea!
 Late winter or early spring. It will be a great season!
Emmys telecast is way down amp; lowest telecast on record among young adults. Emmys have no credibility-Should have nominated Apprentice again!
My  #TrumpTuesday interview discussing how  has to get tough real unemployment amp; bias press   of great people showed up from Liberty University yesterday. I love standing ovations!  to Liberty U Students: 'The World is Laughing at Us'"   Via  57 is one of the worst looking buildings I've seen in a long time in particular its very ugly "skin."
The replacement refs are getting blamed for everything. I've seen many bad sports calls over the years.
Did a shoot in front of the Metropolitian Museum on 5th Ave for the 13th season of the Apprentice...
...well into our 4th week of shooting the record 13th season of  The 'All Stars' are hard at work...
...yet not one meeting with an ally (or an enemy!) Where's the media?
Obama will be going on  amp; fundraising while in NYC for the UN Assembly...
The 18th hole at the Blue Monster  in Miami is considered the toughest finishing hole in golf... about my  speech in   Morning Score   let yourself be pushed around--but treat the good folks great.
...One point I made sure to stress at  is to be sure to get even with anyone who crosses you...
"Selfishness ultimately begets only unhappiness. Unselfishness begets happiness."  -- B.C. Forbes
The number of unemployed Americans has increased over 60 during Obama's term. The economy can't survive another 4 years.
English taxpayers should stop subsidizing the destruction of Scotland by paying massive subsidies for ugly wind turbines.
Andy Williams has died. He was a friend of mine and a great guy.
.  Love what you do and work hard.
Obama's new excuse for his failures is that you "can't change Washington from the inside." Not what he said in '09.  complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS since he had full control for two years. He can never take responsibility.
Aspirin gets the best press of almost anything I can think of---fact or great PR?
.  Piers did a great job--the interview was very important.
Hope amp; Change--the number of 26 year olds living with parents has jumped 46 under Obama   Four more years?
Pres. O -- a "bump in the road" in reference to our Ambassador's (and others) killing in Libya
Housing prices will be going up big league--a great time to buy--good luck!
"For what is the best choice for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve."  -- Aristotle
A clip of my  speech talking about the importance of the election amp; our country's potential  via US Must Get Tougher Because China Is 'Eating Our Lunch'"  via Moneynews      Thank you
 We have raised millions of dollars for charity.
Must read column for all young people: "Obama's war on young voters who elected him"   is filling the vacuum left by Obama at the UN on the world stage.
China has done very well under Obama. Now they just released their first aircraft carrier.
No matter how good the replacement refs do they will be soundly criticized--they can't win!
Huff post gets it wrong re: Ferry Point...the only leakage of gas is from Arianna Huffington.
Associated Press knowingly and inaccurately wrote about Liberty University speech. Shameful reporting...no credibility.
Liberty University speech by DJT was biggest by far in school's history. Standing ovations...great young people!
Jerry Falwell Jr. stated speech was best in University's history...my great honor.
Just bought the Kluge Estate in Charlottesville Virginia (don't worry only business). See Washington Post article Thank you.
. did an amazing job raising money for  with his  event featuring   Watch    Thank you.
 I agree!
40 days until the election. Crunch time.  must stay on offense and take the fight to Obama.
Congratulations to my friend David Wright of the  who is now their all-time hitting leader.
How long will it take for chants-- "bring back the replacement refs" -- when a bad call is made?
"Money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. The real excitement is playing the game." -- The Art of the Deal
The full video of my  speech   Liberty's largest ever Convocation crowd.
If only the morons  were as concerned with Obama's inconsistent statements on the Embassy attacks as they are (cont)  Madonna know something we all don't about Barack? At a concert she said "we have a black Muslim in the White House."
I hope the  is ready for a Third Party if they blow this election because that is what they will face. They must fight hard.
I have fun I love what I do. You should too. Find out how at the National Achievers Conference this October in London  resort in Arizona is using sewage to make snow. Environmentalists are going crazy--I won't be skiing in that snow.
Now Obama's campaign is guaranteeing 12 million new jobs during a 2nd term     More like $12T in new debt if he wins.
ObamaCare is a failure. Costs are rising much faster under Obama than other Presidents.
China's Financial Institutions are expanding overseas. They will own everything if we don't stop them now.
. must ask for Obama's college records amp; applications--why is he not doing this?
Someone must be fired at  for that stupid deal they made buying Huffington Post.
"If you're going through hell keep going." --Winston Churchill
  Go for the gold standard--aim high. Be tenacious and have passion for your work.
Are you a young professional getting ready for a big meeting? Pick up a #Trump suit    Look your best!
"Having a vision for something can be a very powerful force for accomplishment."--Midas Touch
Iraq was one of our biggest mistakes. We got absolutely nothing for our sacrifices.The country will collapse (cont)  the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities amp; possibilities amp; thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
Be tenacious. Being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once so it's a formidable combination.
.  You are terrific (always). Great job on the Apprentice.
Watch this video for a look at our great course in Los Angeles--- Rancho Palos Verdes--  is not working. US Manufacturing orders fell a record 13.9 in August. Where's the recovery?   is currently going on--and is one of the truly great sporting events.
 Wishing you good luck and a happy birthday.
"Trump buys mansion adjacent to family winery"  via  successful acquisition of the Kluge estate was a fantastic deal which is already being studied in business schools.
"To be successful your focus has to be broad enough to think big at the same time." --'Midas Touch' with  amazing how different all of the polling results are--not an exact science.
Brits spent $57.8M on the royal family. Obamas cost us $1.4B in expenses--including entertainment  Living large on us.
 You have to love what you do and keep your focus at all times.
.  delivered an excellent speech yesterday at the UN. Too bad  wasn't there.
Sean's interview with Bob Woodward on  was very interesting--Woodward was great.  you live in a state with early voting you should be voting as soon as possible. Bring your friends and family with you.
American incomes have fallen $3040 per household in the last 38 months  we did all the things we are capable of we would literally astound ourselves." -- Thomas Edison
Obama lied to the public about the Al Qaeda attack on our consulate in Libya. He should be held accountable.
Cyberattack on White House--- what's next?  debate  should ask Obama why autobiography states "born in Kenya raised in Indonesia."
Only 36 days until the election.  needs to stay on offense. Make Obama's terrible record the issue. #TimeToGetTough
Republicans and  must get tough very soon.
Obama deserves much less credit for the killing of Bin Laden. The praise goes to our brave military and intelligence officers.
#TrumpTower is one of the country's top tourist destinations.
"Life is very fragile and success doesn't change that. If anything success makes it more fragile." --The Art of the Deal
"I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success." --Jack Welch
How many more of our soldiers have to be shot by the Afghanis they are training? Let's get the hell out of there and focus on U.S.
Obama now wants to give another $450M to the Muslim Brotherhood. Money we don't have going to people that hate us. Moronic.
Big cancer risk from new "environmental" light bulbs"--a big price to pay!
Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez said in a television interview that aired on Sunday "If I were American I'd vote for Obama."
Al Qaeda taking over Libya after we made it possible--really amazing.
Obama loves wasting our money. He just made another guarantee of $197M to a solar company   Cronyism!
Threatening phone calls from Obama supporters are being made to the Michigan GOP office   Don't be intimidated!
Obama is trying to block sequester layoff notices in Virginia  Another example of sleazy politics!
If Obama mentions Mitt's tax returns in tomorrow's debate then Mitt should immediately ask for Obama's college records amp; applications
My  #TrumpTuesday interview discussing how  can win the first debate amp; the last 35 days  clip from  where I take  audience on the Katie Coach   to hear  will be hosting this year's Oscars. Something new that should be fun.
In Nov. '11 Al Qaeda's flag flew over the 'birthplace' of Libya's revolution    In Sept. '12 it flew over our Embassy.
Wednesday's debate is day one of the election. Over 70 million voters will be watching.
Big win by  last night to take control of AL East. Jeter amp; company now control their destiny.
The Chinese are now hacking White House computers. Why not? They already own the place.
Woody Johnson's comments that he would rather have  win the election than his  win games shows real patriotism.
Under Obama Iran has taken over Iraq Al Qaeda has taken over Libya the Muslim Brotherhood now controls Egypt. Worst  foreign policy ever.
Great to hear that  legend and hall of famer John Elway has endorsed  in Colorado. CO is a must win state for Mitt.
I'll be on  tonight on  at 10 pm.
It's Tuesday how much will the media continue to cover up the embassy attacks for Obama?
.  Wishing your wife a Happy Birthday
A great article about how ObamaCare has even further complicated the tax code and will hurt housing market  Mexican cartel boss El Diego was just arrested with weapons provided to him through Fast and Furious    Media??
Where is the main stream media reporting on Univision's new expose of Fast and Furious? Too busy looking at Mitt's taxes?
The cheap 12 inch sq. marble tiles behind speaker at UN always bothered me. I will replace with beautiful large marble slabs if they ask me.
Congratulations to Barack Obama for having 2012's debt already surpass 2011  June 2007 speech--is Obama a total racist?
Obama called Reverend Wright his friend counselor amp; great leader--then dumped him like a dog!
Reverend Wright must have great hatred for Obama and the manner in which he was shunted aside.
 See you in London--big crowd!
My daughter Ivanka is being honored by the Wharton School of Finance with the 2012 Young Leadership Award. Also (cont)  am very proud of Ivanka!
My  interview discussing  debate responses Obama's hidden records my tweets and unemployment   wait for tonight's debate--actually delayed my trip to Europe so I can watch. This is going to be a great night.
Who is rooting for Obama more tonight--his campaign advisors or the press?
I will be visiting Trump Int'l Golf Links in Scotland tomorrow. Always great to see the Great Dunes of Scotland.   Work hard and never give up!
  Yes absolutely.
 Thank you
 Thank you.
I'm always amazed when I travel to my foreign properties.Seeing the Trump brand across 4 continents proves that excellence can be universal.
Obama's '07 speech which  just released not only shows that Obama is a racist but also how the press always covers for him.
Have you heard? China just told Obama to jump. Obama asked how high.
In August 2012 Obama said the so called Arab Spring sprung from 'joyful longing for human freedom'    Good call!
There's only one candidate who cut medicare and that's Barack Obama. Cut over $700M to move into ObamaCare.
"Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack." --Sun Tzu
Congratulations to Mitt Romney. He was not only good he was absolutely fantastic tonight!
As a big job creator I was greatly honored to have been mentioned twice tonight during the debate.
Wind farms are ugly not cost effective and don't produce worthwhile returns or energy. No wonder governments are giving up on them.
  Thank you.
. will be a great Oscar host. He did an amazing job at my  roast.
Both being optimistic and remembering the big picture have served me well throughout my life. You need to stay positive.
   Will be a great event. See you in London.
I'm eagerly awaiting the next polls. The debate performance could be devastating to the Obama team. Let's see what happens.
Happy to have just passed 1.5M followers on twitter. We picked up over 14000 yesterday alone. It's great to speak to everyone daily.
Congratulations to Michelle and Barack Obama on their 20th anniversary.
Now another Obama speech from 2002 with him talking about taking the rich's 'stuff'  Who is this guy? Where's the media?
The upcoming season of  will be terrific--a great cast.
   Most likely in February.
 Amazing is good too.
I'll be in London on Sunday at the ExCel Centre to talk about success. It will be a great time for everyone!  to  on finishing 1st in the AL East. Derek Jeter is great--good luck in the playoffs!
Bill Clinton has been Obama's most effective surrogate out on the trail.
"Mr. President you're entitled as the president to your own airplane and to your own house but not to your own facts." -- amp; Unsustainable: On Monday the US added more debt than from 1776 through Pearl Harbor  every action there is always opposed an equal reaction." --Isaac Newton
I promise to do a new #trumpvlog when I get back next week---- lots of requests. Thanks!
Glad to hear that  is doing well. She is a terrific person.
My friend  called it-- recast the race.
Now America knows--the Emperor has no clothes. Why would Obama do better in a 2nd debate? #Debate #Obama
. #CPACCO kept up the momentum from the debate.  even made a surprise appearance. Now go win CO!
The team with the best players wins. --  forward to Sundays speech in the ExCel Centre.  than 70M people watched the Presidential Debate.  A new record.  See what happens when I am so prominently mentioned (just kidding)!
Got to do something about these missing chidlren grabbed by the perverts. Too many incidents--fast trial death penalty.
My  interview discussing Obama's failed and dangerous foreign policy and the real unemployment numbers  would do same thing if I were China.  They want Obama.  record 46.68M Americans are now on food stamps   Four more years?
Who is more believable on the state of employment--the great  or some government bureaucrat who is voting for Obama?
Sleepy eyes  is an absolute joke of a reporter. He is in the bag for Obama. He can't carry  jock.
At the request of many- I will be doing live tweets during the next presidential debate.
Congratulations to  on setting the  record with 48 consecutive games with a TD pass. He is a great guy and player.
How long did it take for Obama to call Hugo Chavez and congratulate him on his 'reelection?' Who do you think Chavez supports in ours?
Obama's planned tax hike will hit over 1 million small businesses  Expect more massive unemployment and stagnant growth
Obama projected a 2012 budget deficit of $557B.  It is actually double that at $1.1T   We can't afford four more years.
Sleepy eyes  -- whenever you mention me unfairly I will likewise mention you.
Our many loyal viewers should expect a major announcement very soon on next season's  Our fans will be pleased.
. is correct--these reporters would not have been so brave while Jack was running GE.
. is playing great for St. Louis Cardinals. They made a wise decision.
.  Shout out = work hard!
Greece should get out of the euro amp; go back to their own currency--they are just wasting time.
California gas prices going thru the roof others to follow. An election-losing event for Obama.
Why isn't Obama protecting us from ridiculous gas prices?
My  #TRUMPTUESDAY interview discussing the upcoming debates the real state of unemployment amp; bias media  A-Rod in the order and cut his salary based on unreported drug use. Also not a pressure player.
In the end Andy Pettitte did not rat out his friend Roger Clemens. I like him again a lot.
George Will is a political moron. Last month he said Romney couldn't win.
"Donald Trump: Monkey business on jobs"  via  will the unemployment numbers be corrected? Sadly after the election!
Looking forward to live tweeting during the rest of the debates. Will be a lot of fun.
With these record high gas prices what does it say about Obama that he was trying to brag about his energy policy in the debate?
In order to build your wealth and improve your business smarts you need to know about real estate. - Think Like a Billionaire
Mitts subsequent rise in the polls post-debate shows that the American public can still spot a real winner.
Now that Obamas poll numbers are in tailspin  watch for him to launch a strike in Libya or Iran.  He is desperate.
The public is about to learn a lot more information on Barack Obama and his true background in the coming weeks
.  fully apologized last night for calling me a racist. Thank you David--we are again friends.
By popular request I will also be tweeting live during the Vice Presidential debate  Thursday night. It will be very interesting I promise.
"I will implement effective missile defenses to protect against threats. On this there will be no flexibility with Vladimir Putin." -- Mitt
I don't think Obama will do well in the second debate--he is psyched out just like A-Rod.
Remember Obama limped across the finish line--he should have lost to Hillary. Be careful!
Obama is under a great of pressure to perform well in the next debate. Let's see how he reacts under pressure.
"It doesn't matter who you vote for--it matters who is counting the votes." Be careful of voter fraud!
27 days until America's greatest test since our founding. In this election we decide whether we become great again.
I just had to fire someone he didn't have a clue--he reminded me of Obama on Wednesday night.
Has Barack Obama been caught red handed laundering money into his campaign from illegal online foreign donations? Media?
47M on food stamps. Over 23M Americans unemployed. 50 of college grads unemployed. And Obama wants us talking about Big Bird.
DELUSIONAL--Obama actually thought that he won the debate  What is he thinking?
Receiving thousands of thank you letters from  students for my convocation speech. The honor was all mine!  Great people.
Obama was guest at VP debate moderator Martha Raddatz's wedding   Do people think this is fair?
A-Rod must be dropped in the Yankees line-up tonight if they want to win. He simply can't perform without drugs.
Consumer spending fell in September   Another indicator the 7.8 unemployment number is cooked.
"You have to scratch your head when the president spends the last week talking about saving Big Bird."  --  am more concerned about Biden in the debate than I am about Obama. Be careful on Thursday night!
Even with lower profit projections American firms are still throwing money into China   Obama is killing investment.
Congratulations to  on getting an "A" grade from  on his fiscal policy. Rick is a fantastic governor.
I enjoy meeting tourists in #TrumpTower. People travel from across the world to see the five-level Atrium amp; waterfall.
Must read article on Obama's illegal fundraising from abroad   Foreign candidate getting foreign donations.
  Thank you
"When everything seems to be going against you remember that the airplane takes off against the wind not with it." -- Henry Ford
Great move to take A-Rod out of game. Now terminate his contract based on misrepresentation (drugs).
Asking why my dislike of A-Rod--dishonorable dealings with me on an apartment deal
Staff at Trump Park Avenue disliked A-Rod--to put it "mildly" -- The staff at Trump World Tower loves Derek Jeter.
. cast will be announced tomorrow at 7:30am ET on the  with  guess they have Lance Armstrong cold. Brutal report. A waste of taxpayer money to take down an American hero.
$30M a year and A-Rod is now relegated to the bench.  would have lost if Girardi hadn't benched him in the 9th (see my prediction)
Amazing that Derek Jeter played with an injury throughout most of last night's  game and did so well.
If  is dating  again then she has a death wish. A beater is always a beater--just watch!
I suspect  could do well tonight. Don't be fooled by his gaffes. He is a seasoned and feisty debater.
Outright disgusting--the Obama administration has continually stonewalled and lied to US Amb. Sean Smith's mother  the hell did we help the Libyan "rebels" in the first place. That is the real scandal.
How the hell does the Libyan government get off telling our embassy security they can't have loaded guns for protection?!
Live tweeting during tonight's VP debate...should be a great time
Our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in U.S. history
So Obama used to tell classmates that he was Kenyan royalty and an Indonesian prince   Sounds like his book bio!
It's Thursday and only 26 days until the election. How many illegal donations from China and Saudi Arabia did Obama collect today?
Why does Barack Obama's ring have an arabic inscription?  Who is this guy?
Another sign that  is right. New government labor report casts even more doubt on the September jobs data  is an elite businesswoman who will bring a great outlook to DC. Support her campaign here  forward to the debate tonight and will be tweeting live with very honest assessment.
Get ready- this should be informative and fun! #VPDebate
Both candidates are looking sharp- now it's up to the mouth and the mind. #VPDebate
Hard for Biden to justify Libya mess but doing best he can. #VPDebate
Biden's sarcastic smiling may or may not be effective depending on who is watching. #VPDebate
Excellent story on  very good moment for Ryan. #VPDebate
Biden's statements on Medicare are very effective. Ryan must now come back and combat. #VPDebate
Pretty even debate- no knockouts. However Ryan's closing statement somewhat stronger. What do you think? #VPDebate
Going over to  now to introduce  cast etc.-- watch.
British PM Cameron is making a fool of himself by wasting billions of pounds on unwanted amp; environment destroying Scottish windmills.
"Wing bangers"-- the name given to wind turbines by bird lovers for the thousands of birds they kill in the U.S.
ObamaCare is a complete disaster. Many of my friends have to scale down their businesses because they can't afford it. Terrible.
  Great to have you back for the best season yet!
"There are many ways of going forward but only one way of standing still." -- Pres. Franklin D. Roosevelt
First Minister of Scotland released bomber of Pan Am flight #103 on "compassionate grounds." Do you believe?
Doing the  with  was great- I really like Matt.
Credibility is important to me- hence must admit that both candidates did really well last night. #VPDebate
My Scotland course is receiving accolades from all over the world--a great honor for me.
I'm going to the  game tonight to root them on--they always win when I am there.
. looks like he really cleaned up his act.
Great to hear that our loyal  fans are happy with today's announcement of the new cast. This will be something special!
With our amazing All Star cast    amp;  are also returning as boardroom advisors.
Obama's economic policies are causing inflation on hard working families. The price of corn alone has risen over 200 since he was elected.
"What we are watching on our TV screens is the unraveling of the Obama foreign policy." -- different styles but each totally effective in his own way at the debate.
I look forward to Tuesday night's presidential debate--I wonder if Obama will use my name again.
When an employee leaves me and begs to come back--I never let them. Loyalty is very important.
"Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality." -- Warren G. Bennis
I told you whenever I go to a  game the  win.
When Strasburg leaves in a couple of years under free agency Washington will say " what were we doing".
Washington should have brought in Strasburg to relieve-- they would have won.
I'll bet Obama goes down just like Washington because he doesn't use our(this country's) best people to win.
Joe Girardi did a great job of managing the Yankees this series.
They found Jessica in Colorado--- body was mutilated--- death to the pervert killer.
Everyone's wondering what's wrong with A-Rod. Not one sports writer blames it on his not being able to use drugs anymore-- the real reason.
Tonight despite everything put A-Rod in the lineup.
Roadway steel on beautiful Verrazano-Narrows Bridge is rusting and rotting away. Scrape and paint before too late.
So much for Washington shutting down Strasburg- they deserved to lose.
A bad thing finally happened to Derek Jeter--- he is a great champion.
. are in trouble without Derek. Try A-Rod at short- get him some confidence.
Swisher should have caught ball in right field last night.
A-Rod hit ball hard first at bat. Time for him to step up and leave.
Yankees can win today. Kuroda is a highly underrated pitcher.
Brooklyn Nets have the worst uniform ever- Boring- won't matter if they win("Winning solves all problems"- (cont)  I wasn't at the  game yesterday- can't go today either. When I go they win.
I have never seen a thin person drinking  Diet Coke.
. poll numbers are looking really good. One more great debate performance and it will be a total knockout.
Who says Obama will do better in the next debate- has he gotten smarter in 2 weeks!
Obama will be trying very hard at next debate- he doesn't want to lose the Boeing.
A-Rod is just not making it. We want to give him a chance but it was only drugs that made him great.
I love  great people!
Derek Jeter had a great career until 3 days ago when he sold his apartment at Trump World Tower- I told him not to sell- karma?
A-Rod was a great player when he lived at Trump Park Avenue--- even though he was on the juice!
Lots of response to my comment on Diet Coke-let's face it it doesn't work- just makes you hungry.
Isn't it time that Obama release his college records and applications? Boy would that create a mess! He is not who you think.
Barack Obama is not who you think he is. Most overrated politician in US history.
Looking forward to speaking at tonight's gala for  supporters at the Intrepid. Mitt's doing well.
A-Rod should donate his contract to charity. He doesn't make the  any money and he doesn't perform. He is a $30Myr rip off.
Once again Obama fails to classify China as a currency manipulator. He just helped China steal even more jobs and money from us.
"Romney Ryan Slam Obama Administration on China Currency Manipulation"  via  is planning on attacking Romney on Bain in tomorrow's debate   Mitt should bring up college applications amp; records
If  has a good debate tomorrow night Obama is finished!
"Sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride let time go by."Donald J. Trump
"The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government." --  on very popular demand I will be live tweeting tomorrow night during the Presidential debate.
"Donald Trump's back with 14 'Apprentice' All-Stars"  via  Gary Johnson pulling votes from  waste your vote. Obama must go!
 Happy Birthday!
I hope A-Rod has a great night for the Yankees--he owes it to them--especially with Derek hurt.
Lots of pressure on Obama tonight--even more than A-Rod. If he doesn't perform well it could be over.
I have no doubt that Mitt will do really well tonight. We'll all be watching  turned down going to the debate tonight so that I could do live tweets to my many followers.
Verlander is great but  very beatable. Does not have a good ERA in playoff games
. is absolutely right it will be a nightmare for  if Obama is re-elected.
I can confirm the reports-- my first season winner will be returning to this All-Star season of   Your documentary died many deaths. You have in my opinion zero talent.
.  Thanks for helping promote amp; make Trump International Golf Links Scotland so successful--you stupid fool!
Diet Coke tweet had a monster response--dammit I wish the stuff worked.
Obama just had another trillion dollar budget deficit for the fourth year in a row. At least he is consistent.
It's amazing--my weekly scheduled interviews on  and  draw the highest ratings. And they get bigger week by week--thanks folks!
The Coca Cola company is not happy with me--that's okay I'll still keep drinking that garbage.
Because Obama was so pathetic in the first debate tonight's audience will be humongous--people want to see if he is for real.
. wonderful "The Men Who Built America" with me on tonight at 9 -- bad timing I'll be live tweeting the debate
. I tried watching but fell asleep.
. is doing a fantastic job for the Republican Party--hope he gets the credit he deserves.
Between Libya the national security leaks and Fast amp; Furious Obama has had more national security scandals than any other President.
. " Five Questions w  of Leadership is the biggest threat to America'"  bet the terrorists in Libya used weapons we supplied them during their so called 'revolution' to attack our embassy in Benghazi.
Congratulations to  on exposing more Democrat voter fraud.   was caught red handed telling people to vote twice.
Good luck  tonight--have no doubt you will be great.
. Obama gets wise tonight just ask for his college records amp; transcripts--he will quiet down quickly.
  Olivia--we love you. You are doing a great job.
Get ready for tonight!
If the  can somehow beat Verlander tonight then they can still salvage the series. And I will go to games 6amp; 7 so they will win!
Great win last night by Peyton Manning amp;  in San Diego coming from 24 points behind on the road. Very impressive.
For political purposes only Obama is planning to hit Libya for the Benghazi embassy attack right before the election?
  It is selling great at Macy's--thanks!
We should be able to negotiate a deal with Iran because they know we could blow them away to the Stone Age.They just don't believe we would.
I was just told by one of the top  players that my golf courses are the most elite in the country. Very nice compliment--I agree.
Getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say "let's get ready to rumble"!
Why hasn't Obama created jobs?
Why has Obama let China and others take our jobs?
Good response on jobs by  how come gasoline is hitting record high prices?
. looks much stronger and much more Presidential!
Obama keeps saying that he will do something--- but why hasn't he done it? It's all talk.
Obama just said  was "a very successful investor"--- big mistake for Obama to admit- he has less and less credibility.
Obama is looking rhetorical and weak.  is looking strong and sharp.
Obama weak on immigration. All words no action. He's been Prez 4 years.
Obama keeps namedropping Bill Clinton-- he is no Bill Clinton.
. much better on Libya and Middle East problems. Obama has no answer.
Such long rhetorical and boring answers from Obama. No wonder nothing gets done.
You talk tough Mr. President but have done nothing about China killing our jobs and economy.
Obama better than last time but again  wins. Good night. #debate
Debate showed--- these guys really hate each other. At one point it looked like they would come to blows.
George Will said "best debate he ever saw". If you ever heard George Will speak(boring) anything is exciting.
Stupid George Will gave  no chance 3 months ago. Take off his little spectacles and he's just another dummy.
Verlander pitched great but  look truly defeated.
At the debate the President kept talking of what he is going to do. I kept saying why didn't he do it?  He lost me a long time ago.
Remember I said Derek don't sell your Trump World Tower apartment...its been lucky for you. The day after he sold it he broke his foot.
I still love Derek he is a winner!
Obama has zero credibility on oil and coal. If we do not win energy as a country we just do not win period!
Do you believe Barack Hussein Obama (aka Barry Soetoro) looked like a president last night? I don't!
Obama did much better than he did last time--but still lost decisively.
Polls are starting to look really bad for Obama. Looks like he'll have to start a war or major conflict to win. Don't put it past him!
My twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth.
My twitter followers will soon be over 2 million--amp; all the "biggies." It's like having your own newspaper.
My interview with  discussing why A-Rod should be fired from  amp; how to terminate his contract  Thanks
Via  "Donald Trump would fire A-Rod"   enjoyed discussing  yesterday with  I am a long time Yankee fan.
Great article on wind turbines by Robert Bryce in today's    turbines are not only killing millions of birds they are killing the finances amp; environment of many countries amp; communities.
Remember new "environment friendly"  lightbulbs can cause cancer. Be careful-- the idiots who came up with this stuff don't care.
Robert Bryce  on your great opinion piece on terrible wind turbines amp; how destructive they are. Windmills are a disaster.
If Obama keeps pushing wind turbines our country will go down the tubes economically environmentally amp; aesthetically.
All the guys that said  would lose are rapidly coming on board.  Mitt will remember the early helpers.
Obama was beaten but not knocked out.  He lives to fight another day. But in the real world presidents are not given a second chance...
...Bad decisions can be devastating.
"Trump Was Right: 'Obama's America' Tops 2012 Documentaries"    via  scored last night on both substance and style.
Obama talks about what he is going to do--why the hell didn't he just do it especially in the first 2 years when he had all votes necessary
Last Saturday A-Rod was 0-3 and left 6 stranded. But he was still hitting on girls from the dugout   He is very selfish!
While the  look like they quit and are finished they won't quit for CC
Joe Girardi  must play his starters even A-Rod they got you there.
  Bill- You should have named your beautiful son Donald.
Just read about my friend  was set up--too bad he has to use the court system instead of his muscles.
Initial reports say 2nd debate viewership dropped. See what happens when I am not mentioned.
Michael Vick of the Philadelphia  is a great athlete but not a great quarterback.
Robert Pattinson should not take back Kristen Stewart. She cheated on him like a dog amp; will do it again--just watch. He can do much better!
Can you imagine how embarrassing it would have been for the country if the candidates actually did get into a fist fight?
What is never said is that people take a big risk with their money and can lose it all. We should be given credit for taking this risk.
. If we didn't remove incredibly powerful fire retardant asbestos amp; replace it with junk that doesn't (cont)  should really be ashamed about his massive box office disaster. Take a hint and get out of the film (cont)   Bring  back? He is back!
If Obama goes after Mitt's private sector experience in the next debate then Mitt should ask for Obama's college records--all of them.
Under his administration oil and gas production on public land is down over 10   Obama did not tell truth last night.
Major grudge match this weekend between  amp;  I have a dilemma I am good friends w both Woody (cont)  proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth.
. Re: Libya--Hillary took the blame for Obama.
Great--now Supreme Court Justices are talking about a constitutional right to a cell phone  Obama just stop already.
#SuccessByTrump exclusively available  has set sale records for fastest selling cologne. Makes a great gift  spending and borrowing is burying America and destroying our children's future. Does he even care?
"When we're talking about math that doesn't add up how about $5 trillion of deficits over the last four years." -- tweets are covered across every spectrum from  to  to  jobless claims up 46000 to 388000. Really bad news. 7.8 is now a fraud--not possible!
Looking forward to honoring the great Dogan family amp; the success of the Trump Towers project in Istanbul  Annual Gala Dinner
Lots of response to my PattinsonKristen Stewart reunion. She will cheat again--100 certain--am I ever wrong?
  I will--thanks.
   They only suffered by watching your 3rd rate documentary (which bombed).
 Check the records dummy--I was never a Bush II fan--he is why we have Obama!
"The biggest thrill in the world is entertaining the public there is no bigger thrill than that." --Vince McMahon   Dopey--who went bankrupt you? I never did.
     Thanks!
Newsweek ending print edition--sad. Now my Newsweek covers mean nothing--they lost all credibility. TIME to follow?
A reader just sent me the following: "I wanted to share with you something rather startling. On page 103 of (cont)   Because they are either jealous or losers (or both).
  Thanks!
Robert I'm getting a lot of heat for saying you should dump Kristen- but I'm right. If you saw the Miss Universe girls you would reconsider.
I think the  will win today. Unlike A-Rod CC is good under pressure. I hope A-Rod plays however.
Now there is talk of A-Rod being shipped to  If A-Rod is not a  next year the fans will be happy.
Derek Jeter  wants to rent an apartment. Derek--only in a Trump building--Trump is lucky for you.
While the next season of  is packed w All Stars ours fans will be happy to see  in the board room.She is back!
Bad sign for Obama's campaign now publicly admitting they are focused on 4 states. Their internals must be horrendous.
When Strasburg leaves  for another team for more money will Washington still like the decision to shut him down for his good?
Clinton commented in Ohio today that  is right the economy has not been fixed under Obama.I always said Bill was an honest man.
It's Thursday. How much money did Barack Obama waste today on crony green energy projects?
The last time I visited China I couldn't believe all the construction. You can go up with a project in a week--no red tape.
My Trump Home Mattress Collection by Serta is setting records--they are really phenomenal. You can order them at  I have a friend that wants to meet your sister.
   I was referring of course to Bill Clinton's statement on the economy.
 Great to meet you also.
 Greatly appreciated thanks.
  A total professional.
  I hope that's the reason--otherwise just plain stupid.
    Good luck!
  Bob Kraft amp; Coach Bill are far too smart!
Hey  is your recovery going? I hope you are doing well so we can start fighting again soon!
  I love India!
The Yankees are absolutely terrible--- what happened to this team?
"A penny saved is a penny earned." -- Benjamin Franklin
Can't believe we are less than three weeks away from the election. Time certainly flies!
I'll be making a major announcement on President Obama next week--stay tuned!
   Thanks for the info Rosie--get well.
. Thanks--you sound great!
. should get rid of A-Rod ASAP--I can't watch this guy anymore!
Something really bad happened to the  psyche--much like our President!
It is a great honor to have helped the community so much.  Barry Diller amp; Tina Brown in charge did anyone doubt that  would be a massive failure?
Great decision by Donald Graham  to sell. I'll now have to take my newsweek covers off the wall.
 Never give up. You have what it takes.
. did a great job last night. Watch the clip!  said "not optimal" to Ambassador amp; embassy killings--bad word usage for a Harvard graduate.
  I agree but their careers weren't fueled by drugs.
 Thanks!
Why would Ohio listen to Bruce Springsteen reading his lines? Be careful or I will go to Ohio and  will win it!
I guess they dont have freedom of the press in Scotland. We created this ad and the ASA would not allow us to (cont)  really blew it--went down in flames--too bad!
For the truth about job creation in America go to   A great site for employers to get the tools amp; information they need!
Congratulations to Bernie Marcus amp; Herman Cain  on the #TruthTour2012--All employers need to check this out!
   No I said U.S. destroyed a once American icon
So many tweets amp; stories on StewartPattinson Look it doesn't matter-- the relationship will never be the same. It is permanently broken.
Some of you were asking about the All-Star line-up for Celebrity Apprentice  is no bargain but I don't like John Mayer--he dates and tells--be careful Katy (just watch!).
My interview with  discussing the real unemployment number and how the 7.8 number is a fraud  No sadly not even close!
Via  "Donald Trump is NOT A-Rod fan  will be live tweeting during the final debate this coming Monday.
Maybe Derek Jeter should ask A-Rod about renting his apartment next year. Very soon A-Rod won't need a place in NYC.
Obama has called Libya attack "a bump in the road" and "not optimal." Just come clean already--tell Americans the truth!
Newly released NH poll has  with a 1 point lead. Mitt will pull away next week.
  I think Gaga is great--her 1st major appearance at my Miss Universe Pageant in Vietnam6 yrs ago Should give me 25
 Toledo is a great place--I've been there amp; worked in Cincinnati for 2 years--I love Ohio.
I hope  of America handle their problems a lot better than the board at Penn State did. You can't do any worse!
A lot of the  should be ashamed of their play in the post season. They are lucky they don't have to deal with George Steinbrenner.
Both Barack and  were excellent at the Al Smith dinner last night!
Rev. is doing tremendous work this election cycle educating the Christian community on   is a great man and so is his son Franklin Graham.
Follow  jewelry line on  site  were all the  exposes on "When Rev. Wright disciples go to Washington?"  Sad!
. terrible piece on Mitt's faith is a new low even for them.
Can't wait for  to fold which under Graydon Carter will be sooner rather than later.
No surprise welfare spending is up over 30 under Obama.   He is the food stamp amp; welfare "king"
.  convention came in over $3M under budget.  Baracks  convention is over $10M in debt.  What a surprise!
7.8 unemployment number is a complete fraud as evidenced by the jobless claims number released yesterday.Real unemployment is at least 15
Derek Jeter broke ankle one day after he sold his apartment in Trump World Tower.
Derek must move back into one of my buildings immediately. It will be lucky for him like in past.
Good luck to Derek on his operation. I know it will be a success--- he is a great champion.
Fort Hood shooting should be declared a terror attack. Respect the wounded and dead.
The biggest problem with A-Rod is he is bad for the chemistry of the Yankees--- he must go.
Don Butler and executives are doing a great job at  the cars are fantastic.
"They succeed because they think they can." -- Virgil
Gas prices are at crazy levels--fire Obama!
Derek get well soon the  need youl.
I will be live tweeting during the debate tonight.
Obama should stop talking about wind turbines--they are a disaster for a country or community amp; are very expensive amp; unreliable.
People are going crazy with my comments on Diet Coke (soda). Let's face it--this stuff just doesn't work. It makes you hungry.
Stay tuned for my big Obama announcement--- probably on Wednesday.
Via  "Donald Trump claims Barack Obama bombshell"  of autism and vaccine response. Stop these massive doses immediately. Go back to single spread out shots! What do we have to lose.
Autism rates through the roof--why doesn't the Obama administration do something about doctor-inflicted autism. We lose nothing to try.
. when you are fired from MSNBC for your bad ratings and racist coverage stop by and say hello.
Don't let Obama play the Iran card in order to start a war in order to get elected--be careful Republicans!
I wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy.
My son Don and his wife Vanessa just had a beautiful baby boy named Spencer Frederick --very thrilling.
. I felt very sorry for you during your meltdown on  He drove you insane but of course Piers is a lot smarter than you
The brass in #TRUMP Tower's atrium is polished twice a month like clockwork. I keep the atrium impeccable. Key to its success!
Obama planted that  story on Iran so it will be discussed in tonight's debate. He wants Libya and China off the table.
"This is my last election. After my election I have more flexibility." Obama to  discussing our nuclear arsenal.
Obama is an easy target on foreign policy. has many openings to attack especially when Obama starts bragging about Bin Laden.
Everyone knows I am right that Robert Pattinson should dump Kristen Stewart. In a couple of years he will thank me. Be smart Robert.
Everybody is asking about my announcement this Wednesday concerning Barack Obama---just wait and see!
I look forward to  hitting Obama hard tonight for lying about Benghazi. CIA told Obama it was a terrorist attack after 24 hrs.
Why don't we ask the Navy SEALs who killed Bin Laden? They don't seem to be happy with Obama claiming credit. All he did is say O.K.
Former Obama White House economic adviser  gave his old boss a 'C' on the economy   Pretty generous!
Well this is it the final debate- let's see how it goes. I'll be tweeting live.
Bob Schieffer will do a great job tonight. Always treated me fairly.
. looks much calmer and Obama should stop nodding his head backwards and forward.
Stop congratulating Obama for killing Bin Laden. The Navy Seals killed Bin Laden. #debate
I will be doing  at 7:30.
Debate was somewhat hard to watch last night. Viewership will be way down.
The debate was pretty even but I thought Mitt should have been much more aggressive on Obama's failed foreign policy-- and I mean much more.
70 of the Chinese say they are better off than they were 4 years ago   At least someone has done well under Obama.
I always said that  had to keep fighting the charges. By stopping he gave his enemies an opening.
No matter what happens in the election  deserves a lot of credit. He has kept Obama in it even with his terrible record.
"Casting sometimes is fate and destiny more than skill and talent from a director's point of view." -- Steven Spielberg
Lance Armstrong fought for 7 years amp; then just ran out of energy. Very sad story--although they caught him red handed.He definitely cheated!
Doesn't the US have better things to do than to destroy an American hero for the world to see? Now other (cont)  the military informed Obama that they had Bin Laden is there anyone with a brain that would not have said "Ok go get him"?
The military and Navy Seals should be given more credit for Bin Laden's death not Obama who works hard to take (cont)   interview discussing last nights presidential debate my stock picks and tomorrows big announcement  should have been more aggressive last night. Yet some polls have him winning the debate.
Mitt Romney must start congratulating the Navy Seals and military on Bin Ladens killing not the President.
China will never go to war with us because if they won they would only take over property they already own!
Tomorrow I will be tweeting on only one subject!
My announcement is tomorrow!
Barack Obama said absolutely not 3 times before he agreed to go after Bin Laden--- now he wants all of the credit!
Last night was the first time Obama said "we" instead of "I" in respect to Bin Laden's killing.
Everyone is asking me to speak more on Robert amp; Kristen.I don't have time except to say "Robert drop her she cheated on you amp; will again!"
. did an excellent job as debate moderator last night. I only wish Mitt was more aggressive!
Thank you to  reviewer  who stated "'You've Been Trumped' was so biased in favour of the protesters...
...that it was hard not to end up rooting for Trump..."
. should never have played that piece of garbage documentary--amp; yet the phones are ringing off the hook to play the course.
No wonder  is in such big trouble amp; boss was just fired--they are lost.
If you like having the world collapse and being told America is leading from behind--vote Obama.
This is not a media event or about Donald J. Trump--- this is about the United States of America. I will be (cont)  is not a media event or about Donald J. Trump--- this is about the United States of America. I will be...  lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack." -- Sun Tzu
Story will be released today at 12 noon EST on Twitter and Facebook.
All predictions re: my 12 o'clock release are totally incorrect.  Stay tuned!
You have all been waiting-- the response has been amazing! Watch my announcement now press release to follow at 12:15.  stated here is the press release.  response has been fantastic--- actually overwhelming! Thank you!
Virtually all Presidents and candidates including John McCain Bill Clinton George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush...   Trump to give $5 million to charity if Obama releases records  offer to Obama is about transparency. In 2008 American people were sold on hope and change. This our last chance to get the full record.
Third rate  took every negative tweet or response they could find amp; put it out--when in fact the response is incredibly positive.
Glad to hear  supports my offer to Obama.  As Sean says it is an easy $5 million to charity.  What does Obama have to lose?
I just learned that  has no credibility--total phonies that don't report the truth. A puppet of Obama?
RT  to Obama: $5 million donation to charity if you release passport and college records  #Election2012
I am happy to donate $5 million to a charity Barack Obama chooses.  All I am asking is that he is transparent with the American people
Obama has no problem leaking national security secrets.  Why can't he release his records?  Especially when $5M is going to charity.
... By releasing his records he can come clean with the American people and have $5 million go to a charity.
In light the Benghazi emails released last night it is apparent that Obama has no problem lying to the American public...
Glad to hear North Carolina is solid for   It started trending for Mitt solidly after my speech at the  convention.
Just stated by a total pro: "You are the only one who has the guts to say what we are all thinking."
"Trump offers $5 million for Obama college passport records"   By   Trump Announcement: $5 Million for Obama College Records"   via  BIG ANNOUNCEMENT: HELL GIVE $5 MILLION TO CHARITY OF OBAMAS CHOICE IF..."  By    interview discussing my $5M charitable offer to Obama his lack of transparency amp; my tremendous support  am happy to have started #ObamasFavoriteCharity. Really enjoying reading everyone's tweets.
How does  get a conservative platform? She is a dummy--just look at her past.
Excited to announce that  amp;  will be hosting the 2012 Miss Universe Pageant. Great ratings for Miss Universe.
Miss Universe 2012 Pageant will be airing live on  amp;  december 19th. Open invite stands for Robert Pattinson.
Still waiting for an explanation about why  amp;  did not name their son Donald.  Unbelievable.
.   Barbara unfortunately you've missed the entire point of my announcement--you just don't get it!
.  will apologize to me just like she did when I was right about  Besides I get great ratings on The View.
.  did you choose me as one of the 10 Most Fascinating People of the Year last season (and more than once?)
Our side needs Donald Trump. --  on  show last night.  Thanks Ann.
I am offering the chance for Barack Obama to redistribute $5M to any charity of his choice.  Everyone wins.  Take the deal.
. shouldnt be too upset over   He will always do great!
 I fully supported McCain but when he lost hoped Obama would be great for U.S. --- he wasn't.
What will be the response on Wednesday? If Obama doesn't take the 5 million dollars for charity.
 has really become a laughing stock of good political reporting.
"Trump Offers To Donate $5 Million To Charity If Obama Releases College Transcripts"  via  hope Derek Jeters recovery is going well.  He is a very special player and a great guy.  New York loves him.  is primed to continue to rob us and steal our jobs through their exports   We need  to rein them in.
Yesterday Barack Obama said he wants "wind turbines manufactured here in China"  I don't think this was a gaffe.
For someone who demanded 20 years of Mitt's tax returns you would think my offer to donate $5M to charity for his records is an easy go.
Six days and counting until my offer to Barack Obama expires...
Doing David Letterman  tonight at 11:30. 1st nite of Sweeps.Going into the lion's den but I've been there many times before. Enjoy
It is really a shame that Barack Obama may stop $5M from being generously donated to charity all because he refuses to be transparent.
"The dealmaker is cunning secretive focused and never settles for less than he wants." --The America We Deserve
Letterman  was great last night. I had a lot of fun. You could see his audience really wanted Obama to take the $ for charity.
Lots of response that Obama should give the $5M to the families of our great heroes who were murdered in Benghazi.
Another great charity that the $5M could go to just a recommendation to the Pres. - the Wounded Warriors represented so well by  of giving to a wonderful charitable cause.
Based on the ovation last night from the Letterman  audience I believe it will be hard for Obama to throw $5M down the drain....
.  Re: Taylor and Conor--great news for Taylor!
  Only because he has something to hide.
 Sounds like a good idea.
 I love the Wounded Warriors--Obama should choose that as his $5M charity.
The Letterman show really turned things around- people finally understand my $5 million dollar offer to charity....  Thanks Tylar
  I hope so for the charity's sake
  Great idea.
... I will soon start naming magazines that I think will fold--I predicted Newsweek.
I knew last year that  Magazine lost all credibility when they didn't include me in their Top 100...
Dopey Arianna  is really after me--boring story after boring story...but I hear she is in big trouble!
...a real loser named Tim O'Brien--and it's never recovered.
Stupid Arianna  hired the man who ruined the once-great NYTimes Business Section...
  Thanks I will.
   Thanks it was a great show..
   I agree.
 Thanks I hope you enjoyed it had a great time.
What a dumb mistake AOL made buying the  How much longer will Arianna last--I predict not much.
  True!
A clip from last night's  where I detail my charitable offer to Obama and Dave describes his terrible grades  me explain on the  how my charitable offer to Obama changes the election and is about transparency  of my many Twitter followers suggested Obama should take my offer amp; give $1250000 to each family of the four...  Letterman show  won the ratings last night big time--and guess who was his guest? DJT
The election is still close but trending toward  He leads all national polls and Obama's likeability is imploding. VOTE!
Be careful of an Obama "bomb" to win election! Would be a horrible thing to do.
Obama is about to destroy the mililtary through the sequester. The Middle East is a mess. Yet Colin Powell still endorses him. Wonder why?
...Colin Powell thought Iraq has weapons of mass destruction.
By the way where is  Good question. 4 years ago she strongly supported Obama--now she is silent. Anyway who cares I adore Oprah.
Pretty audacious for Obama to call  a BSer when he has lied about so much we don't have room to write.
Looking forward to being the special guest at tonight's Dutchess County #GOP dinner--to a SOLD OUT crowd. It will be great fun.
Where's the transparency? Despite Obama's denial  stands by report he just talked with Jeremiah Wright.
My fellow Tea Party friends in Ohio--make sure you take advantage of early voting so you can GOTV election day. Know you can! Must win Ohio.
I have decided to add a caveat to my offer. Obama can't decide to send my $5M to Rev. Wright if he releases his records.
Sarah Jessica Parker voted unsexiest woman alive  I agree. She said its beneath me to comment on the...  Trump Defends His "Big" Obama Bombshell: 'It's Not a Publicity Stunt'"  via  Last night  winner  amp; alumni  packed OH stadium rallying w   Obama has everything to gain. Why would anyone ever deny $5M to charity?
If my offer is refused every undecided OH voter will be fully aware that Obama denied $5M to charity all because he is hiding something!
If Obama doesn't accept my offer to be fully transparent what will he say?
Watch Obama's favorability numbers drop even further if he doesn't accept my charitable offer. No one approves (cont)  Trump Tells  About His Obama Announcement: PASSPORT APPLICATIONS TELL YOU A LOT"  by  hear they are very unhappy w Arianna and  at  Ill bet she wont be there for long!
Before Star Jones begged me to put her on The Apprentice she was professionally dead. I saved her tiny...  TODAY Show should call me about who to put on the show I know more about people who get ratings than anyone.
I want to end the day by saying there is no check I would rather write than that to a good charity designated by our President.
I put  on Apprentice at his request I did his failed cable show as a favor to him then he knocks me for my Obama announcement.
 tries so hard to be a star. But he just doesn't have what it takes...and he never will.
Alert...The president knew that the ambassador was being attacked  in Benghazi. He did nothing...he is no leader.
 McGuirk Thanks for being so nice and defending me on O'Reilly...you're terrific!
 That's more than O'Reilly did ...and he is supposed to be my friend. You're terrific!
 is taking major heat for calling the president lazy. But the president stated his weakness is that he is lazy. Fight on John!
A lot changed when David Letterman said " he was probably born in this country"--- the word probably is a total disaster for Obama.
Many people are saying that my challenge to Obama is having a huge negative effect on his poll numbers --- I agree.
. talks about my hair but I'm not allowed to talk about her ugly face or body --- so I won't. Is this a double standard?
While  is an extremely unattractive woman I refuse to say that because I always insist on being politically correct.
I guess  saw my ratings on the  the other night where Letterman beat Leno. Bill you are no Letterman.
What people don't know about  is that he was a terrible student and not considered smart in his early (cont)  not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity or to which charity the money will go.
Dave Letterman  said during my interview that Obama was "probably" born in the US--the word "probably" is a disaster for Obama.
Obama lied 100 about Libya and the killings--emails are absolute. He must release his records on Wednesday and stop the lies.
I always said Obama is lucky for himself but unlucky for the country. The storm could be very good for him as he (cont)  people walked out on Madonna's concert when she told them to vote for Obama. Years ago I walked out because the concert was terrible!
So far the hurricane is being handled very well in NY not nearly as bad as stated on news. Let's see what happens later.
We are taking care of hundreds of people in the Trump Tower atrium--they are seeking refuge. Free coffee and food.
Direct view of crane from apartment window. Crane was never properly secured blowing in the breeze.  authorities need direct view from top of Trump Tower call office.
All weights are on crane's wrong side ---  very precarious below move out!
The water damage to NYC is amazing. The winds were bad but the water was worse.
I saw from my window just before accident that the crane was not properly anchored for the storm.
Hurricane is good luck for Obama again- he will buy the election by handing out billions of dollars.
Not only giving out money but Obama will be seen today standing in water and rain like he is a real President --- don't fall for it.
Because of the hurricane I am extending my 5 million dollar offer for President Obama's favorite charity until 12PM on Thursday.
I am the best builder but if that were my building with the crane mishap I would have been lambasted from coast to coast.
People having a great time in the Trump Tower atrium ---   unlike others I stayed open.  let Obama buy the election by handing out unlimited free money to states.
Remember this: Obama wants to raise taxes  wants to lower taxes--need I say more!
The Trump Tower atrium is such a great place amp; kept thousands of people warm amp; safe during the storm--thanks staff!
So many incredible friends said thanks for TT help --- I say thanks to you!  election is trending towards  Americans know we can't afford another 4 years of the Obama economic decline.
These last 4 years have not had a single quarter over 4 GDP. Obama has overseen the weakest economic recovery in American history.
My  interview before Hurricane Sandy explaining that I would be staying in Trump Tower during the storm   interview discussing the 57th St. crane damage from the storm and extending my $5M offer to Obama  great cause Obama could send my $5M donation to is a charity for 911 First Responders. They are American heroes.
I never fall for scams.  I am the only person who immediately walked out of my Ali G interview
"Without focus it's just impossible to be successful at anything." --Midas Touch
How did Obama go to a Las Vegas fundraiser on 9.12 the day after he refused to send help to Americans in Benghazi?
Lets be honest if Obama thought he could get away with campaigning during the storm then he would have been in Ohio on Monday.
Glad to hear that  will be co-hosting the Grammy nominations special on 12.5.  Taylor is terrific!
  RT if you think Pres.Obama should release his records to get $5M for charity--for Red Cross or another great charity
Why does Obama believe he shouldn't comply with record releases that his predecessors did of their own volition? Hiding something?
People are happy that I left the Trump Tower atrium open as opposed to taking the easy way out.   Obama and the Democrat Senate have accrued over $5T worth of debt without passing a budget in the last 3 years.  4 more years?
Maybe Obama should donate my $5M to the families of the 17 who have lost loved ones during the storm?
Chinas stock market rose yesterday after 4 consecutive days of losses  Their market gains the day we are hit by storm
Fans shouldn't worry.  We have adjusted the filming schedule of the upcoming 13th season of  appropriately due to the storm.
The polls amp; momentum  are trending towards  Don't let the hurricane change your thinking!
Watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon.Photo: Lloyd BishopNBC  President has until tomorrow at 12 noon to pick up $5M for his favorite charity. Looking like he won't be doing it. What is he hiding?
I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity-- or to which charity the money will go.
Watch the clip from  where the crowd cheers after I explain that my offer is about transparency  was standing with  when a young high school star Kevin Garnett  said to a crowd "Forget Shaq I want to meet Donald Trump."
Kevin Garnett's response to Ray Allen last night was that of a great competitor--nothing wrong--in fact it was terrific. A champion!
Part 1 of my  interview discussing my $5M offer to Obama #TRUMP Tower atrium my tweets amp; 57th st. crane  2 of my  interview giving away some  spoilers amp; discussing 2012 Miss Universe Pageant  called me a "master marketeer" last night--I am not. I am a great builder--I build great things amp; people come.
An amazing article by Kevin Gabriel-   A must read by friends and foes of President Obama. End date is tomorrow at noon.
Congratulations Kevin Gabriel on your amazing article. If I were a journalist this would be the next Watergate and I would be a star.
How many illegal foreign donations will Obama collect this final week? Another scandal ignored by the liberal media.  Barack Obama is standing in water in NJ. Remember on election day that he has put the US underwater.
In the spirit of transparency Obama should immediately release the 9.11 tape of Tyrone Woods pleading for military support in Benghazi.
. acquisition of Lucas Film is a smart deal for both sides.  Disney just bought a great brand which will keep producing revenue.
Looking at the figures and plans behind  acquisition of Lucas Film makes you realize how stupid  (cont)  is nothing I would be happier to do than to donate the $5M to a charity of Obamas choice once he releases all of his records.
A lot of undecided and independent voters have had enough with Obamas lack of transparency. I don't blame them.
How does a dummy like  get a television show--amp; his ratings stink. You'd think  could do a lot better.
#TRUMP International Reality will be Americas premiere real estate brokerage house   w the most distinctive services.
Spoiler-- has really got his act together so far on the upcoming season of  to  on getting the    amp;  endorsements!
Thanks for all the nice words on my keeping the Trump Tower atrium accessible to stranded victims of #Sandy. My honor.
President Obama please take the $5M check for charity tomorrow. It is so easy and could do so much good!
President Obama if it is important to you I will substantially increase the $5M offer!
A lot of people are concerned about which charity my $5M will be donated to.  The onus is on Obama to first release his records.
Obama is now standing in a puddle acting like a President--give me a break.
 Thanks!
"The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way." -- Dale Carnegie
It's 10 AM: Two hours to go for Obama to easily pick up millions for charity!
From 1954 to 1960 there were 10 major hurricanes that hit the East Coast.
Do you believe  is blaming global warming for the hurricane?
Let's continue to destroy the competitiveness of our factories amp; manufacturing so we can fight mythical global warming. China is so happy!
You know the world is crazy when New York gets hit by a hurricane-- and Florida doesn't.
Romneys $2 Billion Sacrifice for America By Chris Ruddy   all  supporters make sure you have taken advantage of early voting now so you can GOTV on election day.
Why is Obamas auto bailout now creating jobs in China?  He is ruining American industry.
Obama is a terrible negotiator. He bails out Chrysler and now Chrysler wants to send all Jeep manufacturing to China--and will!
President Obama missed the deadline!
I will soon be releasing my response to the fact that President Obama refused to show his applications and records to the public.
Press release. Video response to follow.  video response to President Obama's lack of transparency.  I would have offered Obama a billion dollars to show his records he would have refused.
Everybody knows why Obama would not show his college applications --- they are just not willing to say!
Nice to see Obama released a situation room photo from Sandy.  How about releasing the photo taken during Benghazi?
What is your thought as to why Obama refused millions for charity and did not show his records and applications?
How could Obama leave those American heroes out to die in Benghazi?  And he continues to lie to the public!
I will start reviewing various political reporters etc amp; websites as to their professionalism amp; fairnessmany people asking for this.
Next year I will be changing the name of 800 acre Doral to Trump National Doral. It will be the best resort in the countryMiami is hot!
It was announced this morning that unemployment rose--this can't be good for Obama.
With long gas lines amp; total disarray from storm the hurricane may yet be a negative for Obama.
. disputes my statement--but watch Chrysler move  jobs to China after the election.
We should not allow  to move  jobs to China after they said they wouldn't--stay tuned!
. of Chrysler should focus on design rather than filthy language--not very professional.
. called my office to ask me to do election night coverage with her--sadly I won't be able to do it.
. came to my Trump Tower office to apologize for calling me a racist--very nice apology accepted!
I'm sending lots of bottled water out to Staten Island amp; Long Island.
People are struggling to get gasoline for their cars--we are like a third world country.
Interestingly the hurricane may now be a disaster for Obama's reelection because of his grandstanding.
How about President Obama fixing the gasoline situation instead of taking photo ops in the destruction.
Unemployment is now 7.9.  Four years and $6.5T later that is really bad!
"We don't need a Secretary of Business to understand business we need a president who understands business and I do" --  our Welfare amp; Food Stamp President is praising himself for expanding welfare   He doesn't believe in work.
. should sit Michael Vick. He is a great athlete but less than average quarterback.
A-Rod is now looking for an expensive home in Beverly Hills--why aren't the  terminating his contract for misrepresentation?
I have an idea for A-Rod---buy a home at  overlooking the Pacific--will bring you better luck.
Obama has destroyed the middle class.  In 09 median household income was $55198.  Now it is $50678.  Four more years?
Global warming is based on faulty science and manipulated data which is proven by the emails that were leaked  wonderful place.  be the hurricane helps  are rioting in the streets over gasoline
Reality TVs #1 Bad Girl  is back on the upcoming 13th season of All Star    She is great as always.
Make sure to catch  season finale of The Men Who Built America on Sun November 11th.  Great show.
"Go as far as you can see; when you get there you'll be able to see farther." -- J.P. Morgan
Obama promised 5.2 unemployment by October 2012.  His promises are worthless!
Castro Chavez and Ahmadinejad are all anxiously awaiting our election results.  They are praying Obama wins.
Concerns over the national debt are stopping businesses from hiring and expanding  Obama's policies are unsustainable
Members from Obama's own job council are endorsing    Not surprising
Considering Obama hasnt proposed anything concrete if he wins he wont have a mandate.  Another 4 years of legislative stalemate.
In the heart of the city Trump International Toronto is the city's most elite property   True luxury at its finest.
I think  should take this challenge. Axelrod was too scared. RT:  Kaufstache vs. Sharpstache.
Pennsylvania is in play  All undecideds in Philly suburbs should ask themselves - who do you trust most on  in OHPA and WI will make the difference. All should ask themselves if they want $6gallon gas because it will come under Obama.
Obama's war on women has lead to the biggest decline in female employment in 40 years. 4 more years??
We dont want to have a recount in any of the battleground states. Obama will steal it. Make sure all your friends and family vote.
Gary Johnson is asking people "to waste" their vote on him. Make it count - vote for  Hotels are delivering lots of food to storm victims...we love doing it!
Make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go Romney!
 will turn this mess around!
Remember when you vote Obamacare is a disaster!
"This is a time for big ideas. This is a time for real reform for a real recovery." --  is doing a great job!
 Yes.
  No his facts are very bad for him.
 Then he wouldn't be president.
     Must be careful amp; smart!
Remember go vote--we need real change this time.
. is looking at Jeff Zucker to lead them out of the forest--Jeff would be a great choice.
Thank you to  for your nice statement about me in the    out tomorrow and vote so that we can all finally say those magic words---  extremely cold in NY amp; NJnot good for flood victims. Where is global warming?
Great article in the  by Ben Garrett--"Don't Blame Sandy on Global Warming"  can't destroy the competitiveness of our factories in order to prepare for nonexistent global warming. China is thrilled with us!
Nice mention by Brian Kelly  Conservative Action Alerts
My  interview discussing  endorsement of  tomorrow's election and Sandy's victims  policies have led to food stamp rolls growing 75X faster than job production   We can't afford 4 more years.
In 08 America voted for Hope amp; Change.  Instead we got incompetency.  Now it is time to put a real job creator in office. Vote 4 Mitt!
Dummy  is at it again trying to use me to get publicity for himself!
Only 1 mill. dollars  Offer me real money and Id consider it. Your team and networks lose so much money I doubt you have much left!
. When Apprentice became the #1 show on tv you tried copying me with The Benefactor- a complete and total ratings disaster for  believe Chrysler (if Obama wins)--see how fast  production will be moved to China--and I'll be watching!
Like Al Sharpton  apologized to me for calling me a racist on  accepted!
  True!
  Thank you!
Obama is angry frustrated and desperate.  He said voting is the best revenge   He is divisive.
Via  A New Direction For America by  believe in the America that never gives up never stops striving never ceases believing in itself." --  11.2.12
. Baseball commissioner and owners were smart when they didnt want you to buy a team--- but I dont think you have the money anyway.
Obama just stated "It's always good to ignore Donald Trump." I state he is right especially when the truth is against him.
. Shark Tank was shoved to Friday evening-- Friday is considered dead television. Besides you are not the star (amp; never will be).
After 13 seasons  easily beat Shark Tank in ratings last year-- better demos as well.
. Letterman  had his best ratings with me--and you bombed. People don't care about Mark Cuban.
 ---- Do you mean the President's birthplace?
Tomorrows election will have historic repercussions for our country.  Make America strong again.  Vote for  for  is voting for Obama--don't waste your vote!
.  They were rising in the 1950's then went back down--they will go up and down through eternity.
.  P.S. Your brother  is doing very well on  he stated he "adores you."
China is worried. The polls are trending for  They wont be able to steal from us anymore.
The outer boroughs of Manhattan are still devasted by Sandy. How would the press cover this if a Republican was President.
Benghazi is bigger than Watergate.  Dont let Obama get away with allowing Americans to die.  Kick him out of office tomorrow.
Tune in for #TrumpTuesday on  tomorrow morning.
Go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time!
Answer to your questions- I will be voting at 10:30 AM at Lighthouse International 110 East 60th Street Manhattan
I was invited to be with Mitt Romney tonight --- win lose or draw Ill be there!
Why is Obama playing basketball today? That is why our country is in trouble!
Before you vote think: Obama wants to raise taxes  wants to lower taxes--need I say more!
Despite the upcoming election the cover of paper-thin Time Magazine looks like an ad for the movie Lincoln--sad!
The Apprentice was the #1 show on television last season on Sunday from 10 to 11 --- congratulations Donald!
"If you voted for Obama in 2008 to prove you were not a racist then vote for Romney in 2012 to prove you are not stupid." Thanks Walter D!
Remember: Obama turned down $5M to charity which I said I would increase by 10X to $50M--just to show simple records. He's hiding lots!
  Yes!
   Thanks
  I never went bankrupt.
Me voting--- it really is my hair!  this behind the scenes video of  Fall 2012 collection photo shoot-  concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.
In the 1950s our climate was far more unstable than it has been over the last 5 years.
The New Black Panthers are back at the same Philly polling station from '08   Don't let them intimidate you!
Make sure to vote today.  Vote for real change.  Change that will deliver jobs and a free amp; strong America.  Vote for  dangerous pattern developing across country by Obama supporters.  Detroit poll watcher was threatened with gun  Medicare.  Vote for   He will repeal Obamacare on day one.
My  interview discussing the close election the enthusiasm gap between Mitt amp; Obama amp; the fiscal cliff  cant be measured in speeches.  It is measured in achievements. --  yesterday in Fairfax VA.
More reports of voting machines switching Romney votes to Obama. Pay close attention to the machines don't let your vote be stolen
Make sure to verify the voting machine does not switch your vote. If you have any problems notify the poll workers.
Yesterday Obama campaigned with JayZ amp; Springsteen while Hurricane Sandy victims across NY amp; NJ are still decimated by Sandy.  Wrong!
Now Chinese state run companies are taking over our coal market   China wants to deplete our resources here at home.
If you experience any harassment or heckling at the polling places from Obama supporters make sure you report it immediately.
Watch Obama refuse to call Benghazi a terrorist attack on 9.12  What took  so long to release this footage?
Obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the American public. He can't.
  Thanks Gary.
The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina.  There is no excuse why people dont have electricity or fuel yet.
.  Alec--it's not science it's a con--read the e-mails.
The federal gov. has handled Sandy worse than Katrina. There is no excuse why people don't have electricity or fuel yet.
Do we still want a President who bows to the Saudis and lets OPEC rip us off? Make America strong vote for  have had the pleasure of getting to know  amp;  this past year. They love America. Let's push them over the top today.
I love show "Law and Order" but the  casting is the worst ever. No talent--unwatchable!
. is a stone cold loser with no talent--why did they ever put him on "Law and Order?"
Whoever wins today remember that tomorrow we still have a country struggling. Our work is not done until America is strong again.
"Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light." --George Washington
 thanks for your nice statement on Access Hollywood. You are a great person and talent...I adore you!
Well back to the drawing board!
We can't let this happen. We should march on Washington and stop this travesty. Our nation is totally divided!
Lets fight like hell and stop this great and disgusting injustice! The world is laughing at us.
This election is a total sham and a travesty. We are not a democracy!
Our country is now in serious and unprecedented  trouble...like never before.
Our nation is a once great nation divided!
The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.
Hopefully the House of Representatives can hold our country together for four more years...stay strong and never give up!
House of Representatives shouldn't give anything to Obama unless he terminates Obamacare.
P.S. 42 in Queens is getting a truckload of food and much needed supplies for Rockaway residents #HurricaneSandyRelief
Ive sent a 10-wheeler filled with 358 master cases of food and supplies to my hometown of Queens today #TrumpCares
Trump volunteers were out early today to offload cases of food and supplies for hard-hit Rockaways residents #Sandy
. knows that I think his newscast has become totally boring so he took a shot at me last night.
The only thing more boring than  newscast is his show Rock Center which is totally dying in the ratingsa disaster!
. you love to have my ratings?
The voting booth process was a total disasterit could and should be much better and more efficienttremendous room for error!
Brian--Thanks dummy--I picked up 70000 twitter followers yesterday alone. Cable News just passed you in the ratings.  I hope  isn't paying you too much--look at what's happening to nightly news.
Brian Williams was never a smart guy but always passes himself off as such. People will learn the truth!  if I'm "well past the last exit to relevance" how come you spent so much time reading my tweets last night?  was the Republicans election to win but they just blew it--reasons why to follow.
Another four years--not good for the country but we'll have to live with it!
Our country is totally split right now but someday it will come together!
We have to make America great again!
It's freezing and snowing in New York--we need global warming!
Amazing various celebrities were far harsher than me with political statements--- but media doesn't care about...  alert.   is back on twitter. All girls under the age of 18 block him immediately.
Millions without electricity across NY amp; NJ. The media has covered for Obamas massive failure. Can you imagine if this was another Pres?
Congrats to  on blowing $400 million this cycle. Every race  ran ads in the Republicans lost. What a waste of money.
The stock market and US dollar are both plunging today.  Welcome to  second term.
Beijing had a bigger celebration than Chicago last night.  The Chinese are happier with the election than we are.
It has been a pleasure to make so many friends and meet so many great people on the trail this past cycle.  We will fight on!
Now that the election is over watch Chrysler ship  production to China--my prediction.
A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason. -- J. P. Morgan
Thank you to Joe Passov (Travelin Joe) of Golf Magazine for the great article   says hes glad we had a hurricane! With many people dying and thousands hurting MSNBC (cont)  test: tweet me the reason  was fired from  (other than his bad ratings).
Tweet me back if u think we should start a petition to fire  for his  comments on Sandy amp; the death amp; destruction it caused.
...I  trounced him in ratings amp; Letterman beat  last Thursday. Brianare you irrelevant?
Letterman  had Brian Williams  as guest last night I was on last Thursday
It is that time of the year.  The Trump Wollman Skating Rink is open to the public in Central Park.  The greatest ice rink in the country.
Russian leaders are publicly celebrating Obama's reelection.  They can't wait to see how flexible Obama will be now.
I started to get very worried about Mitt's chances when I heard that A-Rod donated to his campaign. Everything A-Rod touches turns bad.
I will and I agree! RT  you can't possibly make any more money. so why don't you make a difference instead?!
Obama's administration is now openly admitting it expects US credit downgraded again  Thanks for letting us know now
No surprise that all the foreign countries are celebrating Obama's win.  They love a weak America that they can rip off.
. I'm sending you a check to help find a cure.  says hi.
With taxes set to go up and Obama about to cut the mortgage deduction now is the time to buy a house if you can.  Can get a great deal.
At the end of the day Obama won the battleground states by less than 500000 votes. This was a winnable race.  GOP needs to do better!
China's Communist Party has now publicly praised Obama's reelection.  They have never had it so good.  Will own America soon.
China's submarines will soon be carrying nukes   They will be sent to patrol our coasts Obama won't do anything.
China is heavily investing in building its own jet engine   They will end up stealing the design from us as usual.
Remember to watch the series finale of "The Men Who Built America" this Sunday at 87c on  campaign used me in 6 primary states and won every one- they should have used me in Florida and Ohio amp; he would be President.
Polls show that the hurricane had a huge positive effect for Obama on his win- isn't that ridiculous?
Remember to watch the series finale of "The Men Who Built America" this Sunday at 87c on  the 9 battleground states we only carried North Carolina. I'm proud of  amp; glad I delivered keynote at their state convention.
The election was a major setback for economy. All young entrepreneurs should be sure to calculate Obama's policies into their investments.
Robert Pattinson is putting on a good face for the release of Twilight. He took my advice on Kristen Stewart...I hope!
I received such a nice letter today from someone who took refuge in Trump Tower during Sandy. It was my pleasure to help.
I got to know  very wellhe is a great guy who will do the right thing for the country!
9 million fewer people voted for Obama this election than last amp; yet the Republicans lostdo you think they might be doing something wrong!
   is a huge hit all over the world. Your cheap amp; boring documentary is a tremendous flop.
Why do so many people say I hate President ObamaI dont hate the President at all. I just disagree with his policies!
. documentary works better than any sleeping pillin fact that may be your only way to make money with this recycled garbage!
. your documentary cost you less than $3000 to makewhere did you get that kind of money?
. Dummythanks for increasing awareness of my big golf project in Aberdeensales are thru the roof amp; Aberdeen seeing big benefits.
.  I predict somebody is going to sue you!
.  Anthonydid you illegally take clips from the Letterman  show and  without their approval?
. Only the stupid  would air your garbageno wonder they are in such deep trouble.
. Condolences on the passing of your uncle and best wishes.
Its hard to believe that we are rationing gas in NYC. OPEC is laughing all the way to the bank.
Price gouging at many gas stations $10 a gallon--welcome to the new world.
Shes baaack!  needs me to salvage her dying career. But it wont help-- shes got no talent amp; no persona. Too many tv cancellations!
Everybody wants me to talk about Robert Pattinson and not Brian WilliamsI guess people just dont care about Brian!
I just passed a 10 block long gas line going to LGA airport a terrible situation!
Wow I never saw the Petraeus thing coming. A straight laced guy! Very sad for him and his family.
I'm a skeptical guy but I don't believe Petraeus used this to get out of the Benghazi hearings.
I love Twitter.... it's like owning your own newspaper--- without the losses.
Thanks- many are saying I'm the best 140 character writer in the world. It's easy when it's fun.
"Never ever quit never give up" - Donald J. Trump The Art of the Deal.
Many political pundits are using the term "Art of the Deal".... they should thank me. That is my term and book title.
Aberdeen tourism is booming because of my great Scottish golf club.
The people of Scotland love Trump International Golf Links.
Trump International Golf Links was just rated one of the greatest courses in the world. Virtually all reviews are saying the same thing.
I am a very calm person but love tweeting about both scum and positive subjects. Whenever I tweet some call it a tirade..totally dishonest!
When someone attacks me I always attack back...except 100x more. This has nothing to do with a tirade but rather a way of life!
We just passed 1.9M followers amp; gained over 250000 followers in the last month.Thank you--let's have fun and do business.
Yesterday was Veterans Day.  I hope our armed service members felt appropriately honored.  This nation loves and respects all of you.
Surprise-In a post-election delayed release food stamp rolls surged to biggest monthly increase and an all-time high  have already started massive layoffs and reducing employees hours due to Obama Care.  Reality is setting in.
How come every time I show anger disgust or impatience enemies say I had a tantrum or meltdownstupid or dishonest people?
No surprise that  is in a major scandal for shoddy journalism.  Any network that airs  garbage has zero credibility.
Scary  in the past 90 days Obama has set over 6125 regulatory burdens  Terrible for the economy.
Strong men have sound ideas and the force to make these ideas effective. -- Andrew Mellon
.  David--Thank you my great honor for a very worthy cause!
My fragrance--"Success"-- is flying off the shelves  The perfect Christmas gift!
...they are costly inefficient bird killing community destroying machines. They are obsolete!   Standing in front of wind turbines is sad. Rachel windmills are terrible for the environment
After Fridays Twilight release I hope Robert Pattinson will not be seen in public with Kristen--she will cheat on him again!
The sex scandal at the CIA and Pentagon is rapidly unfolding--getting more interesting by the minute!
Don't forget Benghazi.
Our $17T national debt and $1T yearly budget deficits are a national security risk of the highest order.
Paula Broadwell's book on Gen. Petreus is titled "All In." Did she know something?
. should spend more time focusing on her family and dying career!
General Petreus and his family are paying a big price!
. dont wear a rugits mine. And I promise not to talk about your massive plastic surgeries that didnt work.
Its amazing how people can talk about me but Im not allowed to talk about them.
"First of all you don't necessarily need the best location.  What you need is the best deal." -- The Art of the Deal
  Don't be scared--we will come back.
    He is on and he's great!
     Sunday March 3--thanks!
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.  Vince Lombardi
The upcoming record 13th season of  is going to be very special.  Our production team's ingenuity is amazing.
"You can have the best product in the world but if people don't know about it it's not going to be worth much." - The Art of the Deal
Help those affected by #Sandy.  is giving $10 per booking made by 1123 to  for #sandyrelief.  Petraeus has agreed to testify in the Senate on Benghazi. I will be watching.
Celebrate 2013  with downtown's nicest #NYE party. Get your tickets now:  aspiring entrepreneurs always remember that if your enemies arent talking about you then you arent doing well...and must work harder!
Had a great time going over renovations for Trump National Doral this past weekend. It is going to be amazing.  never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell."--Harry S. Truman
The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral.  Towers Istanbul Sisli will be one of the countrys top landmarks   own top donor is now laying employees off and lowering hours in anticipation of Obama Care   The new reality.
A former classmate Roy Eaton has published a great book Makers Shakers amp; Takers  check it out   media has changed the news amp; communication landscape for good. Everything must be up to date by the second instead of the hour or day
Busy dayworking on buying a major propertyand creating lots of jobs.
  Thanks!
 Thanks Mark
   I agree he is amazing.
. Thanks for the nice statement especially about my wife and kids- very much appreciated.
 Old story one of which I publicly disapproved. My sons love hunting I dont.
Just signed contract to purchase the Ritz Carlton in Jupiter Florida--great land great location great future!
 Thanks Erek
  Thank you Joey
  I did--thanks for remembering.
  I will Paul thanks.
  Interesting!
   You sound great!
  Fantastic!
    I agree
Our country is being torn apart from the inside--it's getting nasty out there.
  I agree!
Announced 3 years ago that Scottish course would close in winter like Kingsbarns and others--too cold.
Golf bookings for next season on Scottish course are already double our projections for April openinggreat news...  Trump's Guns" by    the Christmas tree arrived at Rockefeller Plaza.  An iconic event for New York!
"Don't assume you have to accept the hand you were dealt."  Think Like A Billionaire
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.  Walt Disney
With our record debt amp; trillion $ deficits our $ is now at an all-time low against the Chinese Yuan. Time for our gov't to work together.
If the government doesn't start working together the media is right amp; we will hit a "fiscal cliff."  We need to avoid this.
 It is thanks.
  I understand your message.
 Good!
  Thanks!
 Thanks!
  They must actually like me!
  True!
  Thanks!
  You are very nice thank you.
President Obama we need to protect our closest ally Israel. The situation in the Middle East is at a tipping point.
"A house divided against itself cannot stand." --Abraham Lincoln
 who was badly injured by an airplane was great on The Today Show!
"I have an open door policy for my employees. I'm accessible because I like to know what's going on." -- The Midas Touch
Congratulations to   on becoming the first knuckleball pitcher to ever win the CY Young award!
Trump could be great friend if Second Amendment enthusiasm is real  via  cliff negotiations have officially begun between the President and Congress---Washington must come together and make a deal.
With the run on our dollar about to take place commodity prices will rise. Gold silver amp; timber will spike-- also certain real estate.
Much as it pays to emphasize the positive there are times when the only choice is confrontation.  The Art of the Deal
Now China is trying to take over a U.S. airbase   This is only the beginning. They only understand toughness!
. who was badly injured by an airplane was great on The Today Show!
  Lauren--you are fantastic and an inspiration.
The Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach is one of the most successful places on earth in raising money for charity--a great feeling!
It makes me feel so good to hit "sleazebags" back -- much better than seeing a psychiatrist (which I never have!)
. trying to get your hotelier boyfriend backa lost causehe can do much better!
. calling my office for me to do your rather "gross" show--I have less interest in you than Andre.
My  interview discussing the Benghazi cover-up Hostess' closing amp; celebrating Thanksgiving with family   tells me not to hit back at the lowlifes that go after me for PR--sorry but I must. It's my nature.
Does anyone really believe that President Obama found out about Petraeus immediately after the election?
The Hostess closing did not have to happen--should have been an easy deal to make.
All because of me- people dont care about you Cher. " My week on twitter 1k retweets  29 new listings 15k new followers 2k mentions."
. CEOs salary in 2011 was $951957. Where is the outrage?
...while her charity is getting less than 5 cents per donated dollar. She should be ashamed!
. Caryl M. Stern CEO is driving around in a Rolls Royce...
... ...Do your research before donating this holiday season!
Reports are out there that many CEOs of charities are getting overpaid while their causes are seeing very little...
Rapper Mac Miller's song "Donald Trump" has reached close to 72 million hits. He owes me big!
"Don't take vacations.  What's the point?  If you're not enjoying your work you're in the wrong job."  -- Think Like A Billionaire
The World Bank is tying poverty to climate change   And we wonder why international organizations are ineffective.
Petraeus is already negotiating a book deal.    Smart.  Always negotiate when you are a hot commodity!
 Dummy--I never went bankrupt.
Remember victims of Hurricane Sandy  during Thanksgiving. Many will not be celebrating the holiday in comfort.Their lives are in turmoil!
We are fully supportive of  right to defend itself. --  good I like it.
"Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first. " -- Mark Twain
Washington must come together on a deal to avoid a fiscal cliff.  If taxes are raised they must come with real hard cuts.
... It is time to get out and rebuild our own nation.
We should remember that during this entire Petraeus episodeover 50 of our nation's bravest have died in Afghanistan...
I gave out the Male Athlete of the Year Award last night to my friend  Olympic medalsa record that will never be broken.
FLASHBACK  Donald Trump Answers Boys Prayer for New Bike  via  at St. Jude Children's Research Hospital  -- I am proud of you Eric.
The  is doing amazing work helping the children...
"What you dream about is what you do. If you cannot even dream of doing big things you will never do anything big."--Think Big
The upcoming All Star season of  has  returning to compete.  She doesnt disappoint!
Even such traits as who makes the most eye contact in conversation can be an indication of who seeks to dominate. Think Like A Billionaire
The EU just dropped their self-imposed carbon tax.  I bet they wish they had all that money back!
A must read for any country or community considering wind turbines.  am going to give  a pass.   is desperate to get back on TV so she can be on yet another show that can be quickly canceled.
I was nice to loser  and she attacked me--it just shows never let up with a bully. They only fade when you hit them hard!
"The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself." -- Douglas MacArthur
...expect the country to be further downgraded in the future. The rich are all leaving!
France was just stripped of its AAA bond rating.  With the PMs radical tax rates...
Obama met with Chinese Premier Wen yesterday   and talked trade. The Chinese are robbing us blind--be tough!
"If everyone is thinking alike then somebody isn't thinking." --George S. Patton
  Thanks Keith!
 A great compliment.
  Thank you!
  Love what you do!
  I am very truthful!
  Thanks!
   True!
 Work hard!
  Thanks!
  Thanks!
   It will be great!
The Holiday Season in New York City is a very special time. I love seeing and meeting the many tourists who visit the #TRUMP Tower atrium.
"We are not retreating--we are advancing in another direction." --  Douglas MacArthur
...and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties." -- Harry S. Truman
"A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities...
. has just been awarded the AAA Five Diamond Award. Congratulations to the team for this great recognition of their amazing work.
. is once again at the top of her game in the upcoming All Star season of   Amazing in the boardroom...
Pres. Obamas steady support of  throughout this crisis helped stop the war.  He did a good job.
I hope Washington makes a good deal to avert the fiscal cliff.  Both sides need to work together.
Direct foreign investments continue to flow into China at over $100B a year   That's money that could be spent here.
For those asking my son    makes zero $$ running his charity amp; raises a great deal of  $$ all of it for   am having 600 Thanksgiving dinners sent to the Rockaways--prepared by my wonderful Trump GrillTrump Tower staff. #SandyRelief
"It does not cost anything to dream.  Spend your time enjoying your big dreams." -- Think Big
On December 19th the  pageant will be broadcast live in over 190 countries to one billion viewers.  also protect myself by being flexible.  I never get too attached to one deal or one approach.  THE ART OF THE DEAL
HAPPY THANKSGIVING to everyone--I love you all even my many enemies (sometimes!).
The dying NY Daily News put out a false report about my kids not wanting me to criticize Obama...totally false!
The dishonest NY Daily News reporter advised my rep in writing "story is dead" and then put it out anyway. A total lie and she knew it!
My kids never negatively discussed my criticism of President Obama with me or anyone...it's not in their nature!
Hope everyone enjoyed their Thanksgiving. But get ready our country is in big trouble!
If you treat people right they will treat you right...ninety percent of the time. -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
Congratulations to the Rolling Stones on marking their 50th anniversary in London.
"Most people can learn from their own experiences quite well but many ignore the experiences and lessons of others." -- The Way To The Top
If taxes are raised to avoid the fiscal cliff then they must be accompanied by tangible hard cuts on spending everywhere.
Windmills are a bigger safety hazard than either coal or oil   A 34 higher mortality rate than coal alone. Outrageous!
"In war there is no substitute for victory." -- Douglas MacArthur
"Think of yourself like a one-man army.  You're not only the commander in chief you're the soldier as well."  Think Like A Billionaire
Glad to see 9 more Iraq and Afghan war veterans joining the next Congress   They deserve to be there!
"Democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely...
... I never felt that I could let up for a moment." -- Harry S. Truman
"A president either is constantly on top of events or if he hesitates events will soon be on top of him...
"Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare."  -- Dale Carnegie
"You have to set higher and higher goals. You have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast." -- Think Big
Wind turbines are totally destroying the areas in which they are locatedall for unreliable bad amp; expensive energy!
RT   Donald Trump: Mean-Spirited GOP Won't Win Elections   via  actually gave me a positive story yesterday!
Glad to see my interview with Ronald Kessler  Hopefully the  can get the message.
When youre hot the lowlifes really shoot at you... and they try hitting from every angle! Never let the bastards get you down.
  Agreed.
  Trump Tower is decorated and the city looks beautiful. Enjoy!
 Thanks and Happy Holidays.
 Thanks it was wonderful.
  This will be the best season yet..March 3rd is the premiere.
...and borrow cheap!  You will thank me someday.
With the economy still on a downward trajectory the best investment young people can make now is buying property...
Want to know why China is growing?  They can build the worlds tallest building in 90 days  Red tape would kill it here.
The Muslim Brotherhood dictator in Egypt is bad news.  He will never be our true ally!
US tourists threaten to boycott Scotland over windfarms'  Write to Alex Salmond: firstminister called intellectual property rights something they know nothing about.
China just landed a jet on an aircraft carrier stolen from a U.S. design.  We should offset the thievery from our debt..
"The best thing you can do is deal from strength and leverage is the biggest strength you have.  THE ART OF THE DEAL
Join  to get  to 100k followers. Beautiful girl with stage 4 cancer. you ready for the All Star    is back in the upcoming season...which is the best yet!
   Thanks--it will be great.
    They raise a great deal of money for good causes and work hard at it.
    March 3rd.
  Congratulations and all the best to you.
   Ivanka is a great example.
"Its more important to be smart than tough. I know businessmen who are brutally tough but theyre not smart.  Think Like A Billionaire
  Thanks
  A great place!
    Thanks Debbie
  Thanks
To keep your goals alive you must take action every day. No one should care about your money and success more than you do. -- Think Big
"You can benefit from others wisdom. Not just their mistakes but the good decisions and insight they have to offer. -- The Way To The Top
Face reality as it is not as it was or as you wish it to be. --  Hopkins is a truly great actor--I love everything he does!
I just left the Doral in Miami--it is going to be amazing! still cant get over how the Republicansmy friendsspent hundreds of millions of dollars on such terrible amp; ineffective ads.
Treasury has refused to name China a currency manipulator even though the yuan remains significantly undervalued  do the Republicans always negotiate against themselves in public?  Watching them operate these fiscal negotiations is painful.
Be sure to visit the world renowned Trump Tower Atrium to see our holiday decorations. along amp; make deals for the good of the country!
Susan Rice is a good woman but Pres. O should not taunt the Republicans by appointing her S of S...
Gabriel Aubry should learn how to fighthe became a punching bag. Always drama with Halle B!
Pervert alertserial sexter  is making another step towards a comeback  All girls under 18 should block him.
7 of 10 Americans prefer 'Merry Christmas' over 'Happy Holidays'   No surprise.
The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said. -- Peter Drucker
"You cant know it all yourself--anyone who thinks that they do is destined for mediocrity. -- The Way To The Top
Visiting LA?  Be sure to make a reservation at Trump National Golf Club  The #1 public course in the country!
I always enjoy speaking to young aspiring entrepreneurs.  They are hungry motivated and eager to learn.  Proves America can still be great.
"One of the keys to thinking big is total focus.  THE ART OF THE DEAL
"Its often necessary to boast but its even better if others do it for you.  Think Like A Billionaire
Networks are all wanting me to do showslike it or not a ratings machine! but time I run a really big company!
... where he raised 2 million dollars for the wonderful kids. Eric has a great heart!
My son  is in Memphis at St. Jude Childrens Research Hospital...
 Good luck Joe!
  Thanks!
Jerry Finkelstein passed away last night--a great New York mover amp; shaker amp; a really great guy!
Great that Pres. O is seeing  todaylots of good things can happen.
FM  of Scotland spent more than $750000 of taxpayers $ to visit Ryder Cup in Chicago--peanuts compared to his windmill folly.
"A look at the Trump hotel planned for the Old Post Office pavilion"  via  government having  huge backlash on wind turbines.  is becoming very unpopular.
The Countryside Party just formed in Scotland to fight ugly wind turbines amp;  Congrats to Jim Crawford amp; Countryside Party.
"Ivanka Trump defends her dad"  via  Trump Tower restaurant Trump Grill just received the highest sanitary inspection grade possible A  the food is also great!
  Thanks!
   Agreed.
Steven Spielberg is a great filmmaker. Go see "Lincoln."
Its Thursday.  How much did OPEC steal from all of us today?
Crude is about to pass $90barrel.  The OPEC monopoly must be broken.  They are robbing our country blind.
As a favor to my friends at EXTRA I am co-hosting tonight at 7 p.m. on   child molestation sex scandal is the latest in continued downward spiral of BBC.I know personally they do not check for accuracy
While Derek Jeter is training every day in the off season reports come out that A-Rod is partying all over the country. Go Derek.  who knows when he can fight and when he cannot will be victorious. -- Sun Tzu
Back by popular demand the record 13th season of All Star  features the return of   Our fans will be happy.
A clip from guest hosting  yesterday on  discussing Halle Angus and Gen. Petraeus  enjoy appearing on    amp;  were terrific yesterday.
Golf Odyssey one of golf's most respected publications just named Trump International Golf Links Scotland "golf course of the year"
   You won't be disappointed!
  Thanks--you will love it.
  Thanks!
   I agree--and thanks.
  Hi Sage
Team Trump with the recipients of our donations in the Rockaways.  #Sandy  to  for winning November in the cable news rating race with 9 of 10 top shows  Motivation is key so is momentum.
       Thanks!
NYPD Officer Larry DePrimo has made the entire city proud with a his generous act of kindness   NYC loves the NYPD.
  Very nice thanks.
France is losing its businesses and wealth rapidly and day by day.
In calling my tweets obnoxious  says I sure know how to keep them wanting more.  They are welcome.  I just tell it like it is.
 Try Trump Grill in Trump Tower. Excellent food good prices. Enjoy your visit.
 Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles--it fronts the Pacific Ocean and is spectacular.
Im surprised that Gabriel Aubry has settled so quickly and easily with Hallein the long run it was a wise decision.
Now that its almost over I cant believe that unions amp; management couldnt save Twinkies etc--amp; management just got a $1.75M  bonus.
... The NY Daily Snooze totally lied and never even called my kids!
Thank you to  for her wonderful acknowledgement this morning on  The Republicans just didnt resonate with the peoplebut they will have better days.
As I said on  this a.m. you have to give Obama credithe won! ...
I'll be honored  at the Family Business Dynasties Gala in NYC on December 5th. It will be a great event for a great cause.
Was with  yesterday--great golfer great architect great guy!
. (Brian Williams anyone?) says women warriors are "every bit as tough as the guys." Just think about that statement!
Trump Brand Expands To South America: The Donald Lends His Name To Luxury Tower In Uruguay  via  about time for all Americans (Republicans amp; Democrats) to force our elected officials to start acting fiscally responsible!
I am very proud of  for her work with    is a great cause helping children  is totally tweaking the Republicans because he doesnt respect themtheyve got to change their ways.
Gold just set another record high on price with the largest physical gold sales on record   Inflation is coming...
... Time for the Republicans to find someone newand better.
Karl Rove is now making excuses for his total wasting of $400Mnot one win(the Republicans better get smart next time)...
Obama is laughing at Karl Rove amp; all the losers who spent hundreds of millions of dollars and didnt win one race including the big one!
The Daily Snooze publishes lies about me. They should be ashamed but it will die very soon.
I am watching the New York mayoral race very closely
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. -- Winston Churchill
. shines in the record 13th season of All Star   The Baldwin clan will be proud of Stephen.
 Happy Birthday and best wishes.
I take great pride watching skaters enjoy the #TRUMP Rink in Central Park from my office--world's best skating rink   True!
Comic  bombed at University of Texas at Arlingtoncrowd was dismal as was his performanceI told you so!
Michael Forbes lives in a pigsty and bad liquor company Glenfiddich gave him Scot of the Year award...
Michael Forbes is a loser who failed to stop what was just named the golf course of the year and which has brought ...
  Logan: You are wrong on this-- is a tough amp; talented guy--amp; very loyal--a rarity in life.
The Democrats have zero intention of coming to any deal on the "fiscal cliff."  They will raise taxes and blame it on the Republicans.
The networks are all driving me crazy to do television showsa ratings machinebut because of Apprentice have been loyal  to NBC.
Just completed purchase of magnificent Ritz Carlton in Jupiter Florida. Will be renamed Trump National Golf Club amp; be tremendous success.
Just won the highest rated sanitary award in NYan A--amp; the food is great also. Trump Grill 57th amp; 5th.
Great defense by the  this weekendcongratulations to  6 points allowed!
  But hard work!
  Thanks.
 Thanks it will be great.
  Thanks Wendy.
  Larry thank you and keep up the great work!
Fan favorite  once again shines in the record 13th season of 'All Star'   He is an amazing amp; wonderful guy!
Congratulations to David Wright on signing a long term extension with the   David is an exceptional player and person.
How could Michael Forbes get Scot of the Year when he lostbadlyto me amp; Andy Murray a true Scot who won the U.S. Open amp; Olympic gold?
 QB  is a very special player.  He is exciting to watch and smart on the field.  Amazing talent.
 will do great in his new talk show on CBS. Hes really got what it takes!
. editor of  explained on radio this morning that I am so widely covered because I draw high interest. True!
The  should break A-Rod's contract immediatelyhe misrepresented.
A-Rod  had hip surgery amp; will be out 6 months. Do you notice all the druggies have bad hips.
The stock of my shirt and tie maker just hit an all-time high--great going--great product!
The addition of the iconic Doral Resort to the Trump portfolio is one of the most exciting transactions  you are planning to visit the world famous Trump Tower Atrium be sure to come early.  During the holiday season it is packed by 10AM
  Thanks.
 Thanks--and good luck.
   Happy Birthday Andrew
  Thanks Jeff.
  Yes--it is great!
  David--I hear you are jealous amp; angry that Forbes got the award over you--two losers!
Glenfiddich is a jokeshould have chosen Andy MurrayU.S. Open amp; Olympic gold winneras Top Scot instead of a total loser!
Tell Top Scot Michael Forbes to clean up his propertyit is an embarrassment to Scotland.
We are getting rid of all Glenfiddich garbage alcohol from Trump properties.
 Can't pick a favorite--thanks.
. is doing really well amp; soon coming to Broadway.
  Thanks
 Thanks
  I know you are jealous of Forbes amp; a total loser.
   You would not even believe how dirty amp; disgusting his property is--clean it with joke Glenfiddich.
Via   Awards for Trumps golf course  am happy to hear that Pres.Obama is considering giving Anna Wintour  an ambassadorship.  She is a winner amp; really smart!
The record 13th season of All Star  features the return of the beautiful  The fans love her!
. Dan of course stories on me do well.  Glad you have found a medium you can actual do well on.  TV was not your forte.
 Thank you
 Thank you.
   Thanks
I dont see the point of being politically correct if that means actually being incorrect.  Donald J. Trump 'Midas Touch'
 is such an embarrassment that  is keeping him off air  Rove should be out of politics. A total loser!
Christmas waves a magic wand over this world and behold everything is softer and more beautiful. -- Norman Vincent Peale
  Thank you.
   True--thanks.
 Soon--thanks.
 Thank you.
  So do most smart people!
  Thanks!
I like thinking big.  To me its very simple: if youre going to be thinking anyway you might as well think big.  The Art of The Deal
Dave Brubeck was great and will be missed!
Speaker  seems to have gained strength in housea good thing!
. you cant make a great deal go over the cliff amp; negotiate new deal along with debt ceiling in February!Trump 101.
 True--but keep up the good work!
    Thanks Rod--you're a great player and guy.
     The greatest compliment of all--thanks!
    Your performance was great last night--BQ will win.
25 days to go until fiscal cliff (bad name)it is only a fiscal curb! Debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff...and that will be interesting!
Republicans have the cards because of the debt ceilingbut it doesnt seem that way!
Twisted Sister frontman  shines in the record 13th season of All Star  The Iron Man of Rock and Roll is great!
   And you looked great last night Lara.
 I will!
Scots should boycott Glenfiddich garbage for not choosing great Olympic amp; U.S. Open champ Andy Murray over total loser Michael Forbes.
....on ruining Scotlands beauty with ugly amp; costly wind turbines?
Is PM Cameron a dummy? With monumental cuts in UK spending how come he continues to spend billions of pounds ...
 I built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world--lots of tourism--you shouldn't!
  He is a loser--Andy Murray is a winner!
  Kris great place enjoy!
    Work hard!
     Don't be so sure!
  Wow--very nice!
Karzai of Afghanistan is not sticking with our signed agreement. They are dropping us like dopes. Get out now and re-build U.S.!
Via  Trump endorses Wintour for ambassadorship  support of Anna Wintour for Ambassador got a lot of coverage.  She is smart and will be a strong advocate for the US.
All the contestants have arrived to compete in Trump Miss Universe Pageant in Las Vegas. Todays welcoming ceremony will be terrific!
  Thanks Rob!
   Thanks Darlene.
    Thank you.
  Thanks and yes!
  Work hard and love what you do!
... and opened a full month ahead of schedule.  Case is taught in Wharton.
When I renovated Wollman Rink in Central Park it came in $750000 under budget..
How can George Osborne reduce UK debt while spending billions to subsidize Scotlands garbage wind turbines that are destroying the country?
Youre all wrongcheck the facts! UK is massively subsidizing Scotlands wind turbines amp; the people dont want them.
  Dopey same people voting over amp; over again? Andy Murray #1 by far.
 25 days to go until fiscal cliff (bad name)it is only a fiscal curb! Debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff.. will be interesting!
... and in my opinion should not be doing The Apprentice.
.  If you think ugly windmills are good for Scotland you are an even worse businessman than I thought...
.... to do The Apprentice but I approved you anyway. Without my show youd be nothing!
Sugar:  you I own The Apprentice. You were never successful enough...
...You have little persona but The Apprentice concept is great and lucky for you!
Sugar:  working hard so I make plenty of $ with your show...
... and many others. Drop to your knees Sugar and say thank you Mr. Trump.
When I made the Apprentice the #1 show in the US that was a good day for you...
    I easily could but as long as Sugar is making me money (it's my show) I won't--unlike Sugar I'm not stupid!
Dopey  in the mirror and thank the real Lord that Donald Trump exists. You are nothing!
Alex Rodriguez has played under 140 games in each of the last five seasons. He will miss half of next season.  Really bad deal for  are way over the fiscal cliff.  And with Obama Care being fully implemented in less than 14 months it may be too late.
   Sugar if you taught Piers Morgan he never would have won!
...instead of biting the hand that feeds you! Dont bother just keep making me money!
Sugar  should say thank you Donald like a good little boy... ...
    No his ignorance!
"A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him." --Douglas MacArthur
 True!
  Thank you.
Sugar   Unlike yours my financials are phenomenal. People don't know your real numbers amp; would not be impressed.
Sugar   Why don't you tell the public what you're really worth--they would be very disappointed.
Dopey Sugar  worth more than $8 billion acknowledged almost no debt ...
Dopey Sugar.  ...Your net worth doesn't even qualify you to host the Apprentice.  Keep making me money.
. - nice call on predicting that the iPOD would be "dead finished gone kaput"   Great business foresight.
. you wouldnt notice because you have no vision and you are a total loser.
Dopey Sugar   The wind turbines are ruining the beauty amp; majesty of Scotland...
There are 2 things Ive found Im very good at: overcoming obstacles and motivating good people to do their best work.The Art of The Deal
...  You need the income from the show to keep going--hope it doesn't hurt.
Dopey   People are calling in saying you are being beaten badly w the tweets...
Dopey    I'm worth $8 billion and you're worth peanuts...without my show nobody would even know who you are.
To Tom Brady  and Gisele--Best wishes on the birth of your daughter. Tom is a great player and great friend.
I just retained Sir Nick Faldo to be the architect of the Red Course at Doral--he will do a tremendous job!   "Donald Trump to Lord Sugar: 'Drop to your knees and thank me'"  by popular demand TV personality  returns in the record 13th season of 'All Star'   Marilu does great!
"Quote of the Day: Donald Trump Decrees Boycott on Glenfiddich Scotch"  via  job report is not a good sign amp; we could be facing another recession. No real job growth. We need over 300K new jobs a month.
This year's Trump Miss Universe Pageant is comprised of truly beautiful women.Will be simulcast live December 19th on  and  people still out of power in Staten Island.  Absolutely ridiculous.  Why can't they get service?
This is such a special time to be in New York City.  No better city in the world to celebrate Christmas!
People ask me what I do in my free time. The answer--I don't have any.
Sorry for such silencespent weekend at closing of Ritz Carlton in Jupiter Floridajust bought it will be great!
Dopey Sugar   I never go silent. I was buying a major property in Florida--a property worth more than you are!
Dopey Sugar   I hear your ratings last week were at an all time low--you better get them up or you'll be fired.
Dopey Sugar   Bad ratings--come on keep making me money--remember I own your show.
Dopey Sugar  Isnt it sad that my golf course in Scotland just got best new course in the worldits worth more than you are!
Dopey Sugar  You should thank me for having created the platform on which you became known--The Apprentice. Say Thank you Donald
.  If you didnt say the iPod would be gone in a year you might have been really rich instead of the peanut money you have.
Dopey Sugar  are the worst kind of losera total fool.
I just bought stock in Tiffany amp; Company and McDonald's. Two ends of the spectrum but I like both companies.
China is about to acquire a unit of AIG which we bailed out for $5.5B   China is making great deals on our backs.
The Chinese are smart.  They bought up over $7B in US housing last year   U.S. is busy making China even richer.
The government is borrowing 46 cents on every dollar it spends   Dangerous for us but great news for China.
Great knockout on Saturday by Juan Manuel Marquez on Manny Pacquiao.  A great fight!
Great win by the  yesterday.  If they run the table they will make the playoffs.
You cant con people at least not for long.  If you dont deliver the goods people will eventually catch on. - The Art of The Deal
The lunatics in Congress banned the word lunatic from Congress last week   Busy doing the peoples work!
The Ground Zero Mosque should not go up where planned. It is wrong.  My offer still stands to buy the property.  Good deal for everyone.
I still don't get how  spent $400 million amp; lost all.
If the Republicans ever want to win a presidential election in the next 30 years they must get rid of   He is useless.
"I believe in spending what you have to.  But I also believe in not spending more than you should."-The Art of The Deal
Good luck to Bob Kraft Tom Brady and Coach Bill Belichick tonight.
"If you love your work the difficulties will be balanced out by the enjoyment."  Think Big
"Being true to yourself equals being true to your brand. That's the solid foundation that stands the test of time."  Midas Touch
Some dope tweeted my message to my friend Bill Belichick incorrectly--they called him Bob. Sorry Bill!   UK is seriously thinking about halting wind turbine subsidies. Good news killing country.
   Happy Birthday Levi--Work hard!
 Thanks Cody
  Thank you
. re: my Scottish course Quite simply this is not the best new links course in the UK it is the best links course full stop"
China is buying so many of our companies-- its really getting bad.
Negotiation tip #1:  The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.
...If you plan for the worstif you can live with the worstthe good will always take care of itself.
Negotiation tip #2:  I always go into the deal anticipating the worst...
"TRUMP: GOP MUST DUMP 'USELESS' ROVE TO WIN PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS"  by   Trump: Anna Wintour Ambassadorship Would Be A Favor To The Country"  via  Donald Trump has many powerful friends. And it turns out one of them is Anna Wintour.  via  back and causing more trouble than ever before!  returns in the record 13th season of All Star  like winners. They come to watch stars  great exciting players who do great exciting things. - The Art of The Deal
  March 3rd--tune in!
Trump Miss Universe simulcast on  and  on December 19th will once again deliver an entertaining and beautiful show!
Its Tuesday.  How many more customers has Glenfiddich lost today?
The Republicans must use the debt ceiling as leverage to make a great deal!
Great  we are sending even more F-16s to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt   This is a total disaster.
The biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life.  So if you want to aim high you have be able to handle the bumps.Think Big
Re Life:  Life is very fragile and success doesnt change that. If anything success makes it more fragile.
you can enhance location through promotion and work.
Re Real Estate: You dont necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal
   Happy Anniversary Teresa
For those of you in trouble(in these troubled times)never ever give up!
"Argyll grandmother takes UK and EU to the United Nations over plans to turn Scotland into windfarm 'hedgehog' "   let  come back on the record 13th season of All Star  after he relentlessly begged me to--good t.v.
Can you believe the Republicans are studying the Democrats on how to win an election?
No money wasted like bad adsthe Republicans spent more amp; got nothing for it.
The amazing Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles.   Happy Birthday
    March 3rd. Tune in!
You get what you vote for.  21 of small business owners planning to cut their workforce in 2013  have helped many friends and colleagues in their business ventures.  They always thank me after they succeed. #MIDASTOUCH
The gorgeous contestants of Trump Miss Universe are so excited to be simulcast on both  and   Will be a beautiful show!
Egypt is a total mess. We should have backed Mubarak instead of dropping him like a dog.
There is no worse feeling than being trapped in a job you do not enjoy.  You have to love what you do. - Think Big
We cant even stop the Norks from blasting a missile.  China is laughing at us.  It is really sad.
A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have. -- Abraham Lincoln
Watching Pyongyang terrorize Asia today is just amazing!
All the things I love is what my business is all about. -  of fans have been sending letters to Trump Tower in anticipation of   Really good show.
 Thanks Hailey- you sound great!
  Thanks Derek- and true!
  Dopey I never filed for bankruptcy.
  I never went bankrupt.
  I never went bankrupt.
 I never went bankrupt.
Windmills are destroying every country they touch--- and the energy is unreliable and terrible.  horrible day for Newtown CT and our country yesterday. My condolences to all of the families so tragically affected.
In moments like thiswe are all just Americans. I join with the President religious and civic leaders and encourage all to pray today.
President Obama spoke for me and every American in his remarks in #Newtown Connecticut.
I find the photos of these children killed in Newtown in the New York Post heartbreaking.#Angels
Video game violence amp; glorification must be stoppedit is creating monsters!
Donald Trumps Miss USA Pageant Scores $5 Million Legal Victory Following Rigged Claims  via  light of Newtown our country has to pull together.
The tragedy in Newtown really makes you understand how life is so fragile. Must appreciate every minute!
Many people advised me not to buy the Miss Universe pageant.  They were all wrong. The deal worked out to be a great one!
  Hi Jean
Via  "The Miss Universe contestants glow with elegance during the Trump Holiday Party"   It's a great hotel and city glad you enjoyed it.
  Thanks Joe.
I also protect myself by being flexible.  I never get too attached to one deal or one approach.  The Art of The Deal
    Starts March 3
Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand the spines of others are often stiffened.  Rev.  Las Vegas for the Miss Universe Pageantairing tonight on  at 8 oclock.
They asked me to dress as Santa Claus to open Miss Universe tonightIm thinking about it!
Miss Universe contestants are amazingthe most beautiful ever!
. Olivia Culpo has been a star a young Audrey Hepburn.
I hope Newtown CT can now start to healbut it wont be easy!
  Great idea re minute of silence tonight--thank you.
Worst ever issue of  magazinebad food Graydon Carter should be fired!
. looks like a dying magazine! Really really boring really really thin!
Okay I think Im going to do itIll open the Miss Universe Pageant as Santa tonight at 8 pm on  people are really talking about Venezuela Brazil Mexico USA India Australia.
The #MissUniverse Pageant is the biggest pageant of them allby far!
This is a buyers market.  Buy now.  You will thank me in 3 years.
Back by popular demand  and  are co-hosting tonight's #MissUniverse pageant.  They are great!
Tweet me tonight who your favorite is during the live telecast of the Miss Universe Pageant.
  March 3rd.
Sheena Monnin acted terribly...she got what she deserved!
If Sheena Monnin apologized for her mistake as she should have I would have treated her very nicely.
  Thanks!
Dummy Graydon Carter doesn't like me too much...great news. He is a real loser!  #MissUniverse women totally blow away the Victorias Secret women!
Be sure to watch #MissUniverse tonight at 8PM on  with its first simulcast on    I don't. Graydon Carter sends it to me free!
  I agree on both counts!
   Wrong--Graydon Carter has no talent and looks like shit! Also his food sucks!
   Thanks Kevin I tell the truth.
   You can and you will--work hard.
   No that dope Graydon Carter has hit on me for 25 years. His magazines always fail (see SPY)
Watch  Olivia Culpo crowned  as  2012 in the Trump #MissUniverse Pageant   "Miss USA Olivia Culpo is crowned Miss Universe"  Ratings increase 15 over last year.   Thanks!
   Hard work but fun.
   Great move!
  I will!
... So if you want to aim high you have to have the guts to handle the inevitable bumps in the road." - Think BIG
"The biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life...
  Good reason for a celebration.
  You have to love what you do--you need passion to succeed.
Congratulations to all the Trump 2012 #MissUniverse contestants who came from across the world. You did great and made us all proud!
    Which magazine went bust under Carter and as I predicted!
  Thanks Justin.
   Very wrong dopey!
China is robbing us blind in trade deficits and stealing our jobs yet our leaders are claiming 'progress'  SAD!
Ratings for #MissUniverse pageant were highest in 4 years.  likes me (and I like them!)
...now its the greatest pageant on earth-- broadcast in 190 countries to 1 billion peoplehot!
When I bought the #MissUniverse pageant 13 years ago it was on life support...
 The Apprentice will be great!
    They were both terrific!
  Good move!
  The Art of the Deal.
  Fun!
You get what you vote for.  US credit rating is about to be downgraded once again   Kevin--Congrats--you are a winner!
Our new  Olivia Culpo is not only beautiful but intelligent and accomplished.  She is a wonderful role model.
   Hi John
"I find hope in the darkest of days and focus in the brightest." - Dalai Lama
"Work hard play hard and live to the hilt." - Think Like a Billionaire
  Thanks Joey!
  Thanks-- is a total joke--just like  True!
  He is a loser who will self-destruct  just like    Thanks Matt.
  I hope so.
   Thanks Jaime Happy Holidays
  Thanks Allison!
. America's Got Talent uses you the show will fail like all your others!
Dopey  never went bankrupt--ABC already apologized to me for your stupid statement in the past--they didn't want a lawsuit.
Washington is in total gridlockno trust no leadershipvery interesting!
How is  editor Graydon Carter allowed to run bad food restaurant Beatrice Inn? Fire Graydon!
Donald Trump to Build Trump Towers Complex in Rio de Janeiro  via Hispanically Speaking News
 Thank you Susan.
 Happy Birthday Leah
Miss Universe Ratings -- 6.1 Million Viewers Best Since 2008 Thank you.
Deals are my art form.  I like making deals preferably big deals.  The Art of The Deal
  Thanks Lisa
  Thanks and good luck.
. really happy with how well the #MissUniverse pageant went.
There is no better place in the world to spend Christmas than Mar-a-Lago  in Palm Beach Florida.
 Thanks!
 Sounds like the best place!
  I agree!
 Yes Regis is the best!
From my family to yours...I want to wish you all a very merry Christmas!
My Monday  interview discussing the fiscal cliff negotiations making the big deal and who has the cards  Trump: GOP Has Nuclear Weapon In Fiscal Cliff Negotiation But They Dont Know It"  via  a great believer in asking everyone for an opinion before I make a decision. Its a natural reflex.  The Art of The Deal
Must read  column by Senator Phil Gramm - The Multiple Distortions of Wind Subsidies  these politicians trying to get a deal done is truly painful --- Republicans are in a much stronger position than they think.
Congratulations to  --- the state is really making progress --- and fast!
When renovations are completed Trump National Doral will be the finest resort in the U.S.
Back by popular demand the fabulous  returns to the record setting 13th season of All Star   The fans love him!
I hate hearing after all of the hard work that  never wanted to become President.
I told the Republicans the debt ceiling talks should come before election--amp; we would have a Republican presidentthey wouldnt listen.
. Donald Trump  just crossed 73.5 million views on   Youre welcome Mac!
Its Thursday.  How much time did Washington waste today trying to find a solution on the so-called fiscal cliff?
Republicans rememberdebt ceiling debt ceiling debt ceilingbe smart and you will win!
To be successful you must become very good at finding creative solutions to what appear to be impossible problems.  Think BIG
    She was great!
   I hope so!
  Good.
  Even more--thanks.
  Yes!
 Thank you.
  Yes--he is a great guy!
  Thanks--and Happy New Year to you.
  Good luck.
 Thank you. Wishing you and yours a Happy New Year too.
Sorry to hear of yesterdays passing of General Norman Schwarzkopf.  He was a terrific general and leader--we could use more like him.
"True courage is being afraid and going ahead and doing your job anyhow that's what courage is. " - Gen. Norman Schwarzkopf (1934-2012)
Donald Trump on Fiscal Cliff and Obama  via  alertthe record setting 13th season of All Star  also features the return of previous winners in the boardroom.
My  interview re: how the debt ceiling is key point the fiscal curb amp; why we must amp; can make a great deal.    Thank you.
The Republicans once again hold all the cards with the debt ceiling.  They can get everything they want.  Focus!
Any deal completed before the fiscal curb must have tangible cuts on expenditures in baseline spending so we can get our credit back.
  March 3rd.
Obama wants taxes to go up so he can take credit for lowering them next year.
Once again Obama is going to lose on another prospective nomination. Chuck Hagel will not be named Sec. of Defense--amp; probably shouldn't be.
I always enjoy watching young entrepreneurs enter the business world.  I can tell who reads my books and who doesnt.  #MidasTouch
  Thanks--have fun!
 The Art of the Deal is a good start.
Raising the capital gains tax in this fragile economic time is the dumbest thing Washington could do.  So they will probably do it.
Leverage: dont make deals without it.  The Art of The Deal
    Raising large sums of money for charities--and they do a great job.
Visiting New York City?  Make sure to skate in the world famous Trump Rink in Central Park  Great for the whole family!
You have to set higher and higher goals.  You have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast.  Think BIG
  Sounds nice--and thanks. Happy New Year to you and yours.
  Thanks it's a wonderful place to be--and Happy New Year.
Obama and the Democrats are laughing at the deal they just made...the Republicans got nothing!
I am a Republican...but the Republicans may be the worst negotiators in history!
What is Mitch McConnell thinking?...make the big deal!
Maybe Boehner will stop this one sided deal in the House...I hope so!
This is a terrible deal for the country and an embarrassment for Republicans!
Does any Republican have the ability to negotiate?
My  interview from Monday discussing Obamas tone going over the curb and Republican debt ceiling card  party of the year in Palm Beach was the New Year's Eve celebration at the Mar-a-Lago Club--it was amazing.  Trump praises  and welcomes him back to All Star   via  always follow my own instincts but I am not going to kid you: its also nice to get good reviews. - The Art of the Deal
Congratulations to  on celebrating 100 days in her bone marrow transplant recovery.  Robin is a special person.
If we get tough and make the hard choices we can make America a rich nationand respectedonce again.  Time to Get Tough
The Republicans must face reality amp; create a strong amp; positive immigration policy--if not they will continue to lose elections.
. election loss and failed negotiations will serve as a case study in how third parties come about.
Via  Donald Trump: 'Republicans May Be The Worst Negotiators In History' payments have become so unpredictable that record amount of doctors are now leaving  Bad for long term.
Obama's deal raises taxes on 77 of national households.  With Obama Care taxes kicking in now everyone will be paying for his 2nd term.
...Remember--I told you so.
Make sure you realize that this deal is only a stop gap measure.Obama will be looking to raise even more taxes in the coming negotiation..
This deal  voted for has $41 in tax increases for every $1 in spending cuts.  It is pathetic.  Obama is laughing at them.
Congrats to  right to be suing  over the ridiculous deal made by the trustees of Penn State  York City hosted over 52 million visitors in 2012.   Record amount visited Trump Tower.
If you strike out nobody is going to help you--not your friends not the government. You have to look to look out for yourself.-Think Big
. amp;  amp; Luck are very special players--will be great playoff games.
 Greta--Don't let it get you down--you are a winner and Tina is not.
   Third party is tough.
 A total mess!
  Isn't that so true! And by the millions.
 Wilson--but he probably won't get it.
  True!
  Yes and I am Presbyterian.
Donald Trump on cliff: Other countries are eating our lunch  via   Trump Not Happy with Republicans  can't believe Republican leadership allowed such a stupid deal to be made. They are rapidly giving up all of their cards.
 Thanks I think!
 I fully understand your question.
  I do complain.
 I get you!
  Mimi--perhaps because they are losers.
  The Art of the Deal is a good start.
  March 3rd.
In the end youre measured not by how much you undertake but what you finally accomplish." - The Art of the Deal
The boardroom has never been as intense as in the upcoming13th season of All Star  Premieres March 3rd on    Sounds like it!
  Good place!
  Thanks--let's see what happens.
 Yes --    Wilson!
  Thanks.
  Thanks.
Think of yourself as a one-man army.  Youre not only the commander in chief youre the soldier as well.  Think Like a Billionaire
   She was great!
  Dopey I never went bankrupt.
The Republicans look so weak and foolishwhat the hell are they doing?
So Obama and Congress can waste billions in Iraq amp; Afghanistan building roads amp; schools but cant get money to the NJ amp; NY Sandy victims?
Great to see Sec. Clinton leaving the hospital yesterday with  and Pres. Clinton.  Glad she is recuperating.
Republicans had all the cards but not the guts to make a great deal!
The Trump Organization is going revolutionize Rio de Janeiros downtown port area with Trump Towers. Construction begins soon!
  Something used on occasion by many of the world's greatest businessmen.
  That is something to think about isn't it!
  Thanks
  I told you so!
  Perhaps so!
  They just acted but it was Obama that promised!
  I love what  is doing.
  Thanks Heidi.
  True and true!
  But a bad one!
Ill bet Obama now uses the amendment for the debt ceiling.
Just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you dont know what youre doing.
  Try Never Give Up for lessons in tenacity.
Spend your time enjoying your big dreams.  - Think Big
  Doral is doing great!
  Yes I thought Romney would do better--just didn't catch on!
  Thanks Chris
  True!
  True.
  Thank you!
  True.
  Not great!
  Nobody says this!
  You will love it!
 Thanks Jack and Happy New Year.
"Wealth comes from big goals and sustained action toward those goals every day." - Think Big
  Never give up--keep at it!
"I aim very high and then just keep pushing and pushing to get what I'm after." - The Art of the Deal
  Thanks.
  Thanks and Happy New Year.
  True!
  Adele--Happy Birthday.
Make sure you take some time to enjoy the weekend.  Important for your mind and will help you be productive next week.
To all young entrepreneurs entering the business world - stay positive focused and remember everything has its ups and downs.
The 13th season of All Star  is unique.  We really pushed the envelope here.  Our great and loyal fans will love it.
  March 3rd.
   March 3rd.
"Never never never give up." - Winston Churchill
Take a look at this amazing photo of the cast from the first ever All Star    Thank you!
 Work hard!
   Hi Morgan and good luck.
My  interview discussing  Chuck Hagel nomination Republicans terrible deal making amp; where we go next  Trump hosts first-ever 'Trump Invitational' at Mar-a-Lago  via   Thx for the good wishes--you are going to have a really big year!
.  Happy Birthday
"Trump Invitational" at Mar-a-Lago was a huge success.  Raised millions for charity and was the 1st equestrian event held in Palm Beach.
I hope the Republicans are happy.  Just as I predicted that stupid deal they voted for only whetted Obamas appetite for more taxes.
Nominating Chuck Hagel for SOD is the wrong move for Obama.  He doesnt need the fight.  Too much political capital will be wasted.
When you have confidence you can have a lot of fun. And when you have fun you can do amazing things. -     Thanks
  thanks--work hard and good luck.
Glad to hear my  Monday interview continues to get big ratings.  Great way to start your week
  You are right.
  Thanks!
Trade with China has killed over 29 of US manufacturing jobs in the US  China is robbing us blind!
The worst thing you can possibly do in a  deal is seem desperate to make it. - The Art of the Deal
What you dream about is what you will do. If you cannot even dream of doing big things you will never do anything big in life.- Think Big
   Great!
  True!
   Thanks.
   True!
 Yes send address.
  Great!
  Thanks Grant.
WowGolf Magazine just named Trump Scotland best new course. Odyssey just named Trump Scotland Golf course of the year. to  on winning the BCS championship last night!
  Hi Ethan
Why would Obama ever nominate someone for Sec. of Defense who opposes sanctions against Iran when Obama claims to support them?
The Iranians are sure happy with Obamas nomination of Hagel.  Already praising Hagel as Anti-Israel    Great reminder--thanks.
  Thanks.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
  It is great--thanks!
   I will!
   Thanks!
Success breeds success.  The best way to impress people is through results.  Think Like a Billionaire
Miss Alabama Katherine Webb has been a truly great representative of the Ms. USA Organization ..We are proud of her!
What a great couple... Katherine Webb and AJ McCarron. They are both winners!
We are going to ask Katherine Webb to be a judge at the Miss USA Pageant coming up in Las Vegas.
The fans are going to love the tasks in the upcoming 13th season of All Star  The biggest yet!
  March 3rd.
  Thanks Sean.
  Thank you.
In this game knowledge is the key to power. - Think Big
   You should--they are great!
  Interesting view!
 True!
  She's fantastic.
  Work hard.
  True!
 Thanks Joe.
   Stay tuned!
  Great--I would rather it be here--by far.
   True--just terrible.
    LaToya is terrific.
 Stay tuned!
  Thanks!
   Thanks
Give me a smart idiot over a stupid genius any day. - Samuel Goldwyn
Watch Eric at 9 am (EST) today on Fox 5 w  and David Price to discuss Eric Trump Foundation's $20 million donation to St Jude
  Happy Birthday Kristine
.  Keep fighting Frank! Never give up!
  Seems like it!
  Great job!
  No but I hate incompetence.
  Interesting!
  True.  is great at what she does.
 Happy New Year Sandra.
  No.
 Easier said than done!
 Thanks.
. was so nervous talking about me on the  showIve never seen him like that!
  Great and thanks!
  Great!
  Great thanks.
  Many people agree.
 I have and I do.
  Not easy!
Lawyers have sent  demand notice and necessary documentation.
I have accepted  $5 million offer paid to me for charity (made on the  show).
...American Cancer Society and the Dana Farber Cancer Center.
The charities I have designated for  donations are: Police Athletic League-New York March of Dimes Hurricane Sandy victims....
I hope  pays quickly so that this money can immediately be given to the charities.
  Thanks Chelsea--you are great!
    Thanks.
   Not true!
  Thanks (I think)!
  Interesting.
  Thanks. Good luck.
  The opposite!
Watch  spot covering the first annual Trump Invitational at Mar-a-Lago   said something about me on his show yesterday.  I was surprised to find out he is on TV.  Who knew?!
Its amazing that people can say such bad things about me but if I say bad things about them it becomes a national incident.
Hagel has been endorsed by China  amp; Iran   for SOD.  Welcome to Obama's second term!
"Chuck Hagel: Wrong For Defense"  via  is how it starts. Obama is now threatening to use an Executive Order for gun control  Welcome to his 2nd term.
Small bright spot in lackluster economy -  travel industry added 81000 jobs in 2012  Trump Org had a record year.
      Thank you.
  Thank you!
   Great -- Good luck James
Via  "Donald Trump wants Katherine Webb for Miss USA judge"  back!  returns to cause even more trouble in the13th season of All Star  successful people are high energy people who are passionate about what they do. Find a passion that energizes you." - Think Big
"Experience is the teacher of all things." -  Julius Caesar
"Money may not grow from trees but it does grow from talent hard work and brains." - Think Like a Billionaire
I hope  comes through with his $5 million offer which I fully accepted or I will be forced to sue him. All goes to charity!
I will be doing  tonight on Fox at 9 oclock. Will be interesting and tough!
"If you want to be a success you have to get used to frequently hearing the word no and ignoring it." - Think Big
  Thanks.
 Thank you.
My  interview discussing  stardom and why  apology was unwarranted    Thanks.
  I won't.
   True!
  Thanks!
   True!
   I will!
   True!
  So am I.
  Chuck--you are great--thanks!
  True! They are great.
  My honor.
   I will.
  I will!
  Thanks.
  Thanks.
 EST
   Thanks.
. hall of famer  brings his A game in the 13th season of All Star   This time Dennis is a star!
Via  "Donald Trump sends Bill Maher birth certificate awaits $5 million"  Webb gets a Donald Trump job offer says she's 'shocked' about the attention"   via  rule for  check the law before you make a public absolute offer.
My  interview discussing  new baby my acceptance of  $5M offer amp; hiring      Thanks.
  Thanks.
  Thanks Jeff
  Thanks and good luck.
 Thank you.
  Thanks Dorothy.
   Thank you.
  Thanks Brandon.
 Thanks Carly new season starts March 3rd.
"Good investors are good students. It's as simple as that." - Think Like a Billionaire
Scary. President Obama told Boehner that the government doesn't have a spending problem       March 3rd
   Yes.
"People love gossip. It's the biggest thing that keeps the entertainment industry going." --   Thanks.
   Thanks.
   Thanks.
   Thanks Dana.
  Thanks.
   Thanks!
    Thanks John.
Again dont forget to watch  tonight on Fox at 9 oclock EST.
  Thank you.
   True!
  Thank you and good luck.
"I promoted the hell out of Trump Tower but I also had a great product." - The Art of the Deal
  Thanks.
   Thanks.
  Thanks Melanie.
  Thanks!
  I will!
  True!
  I won't.
  Thanks.
  Thanks we'll see!
   Great!
  Thanks and good luck.
  Thank you.
  Thanks.
  I won't.
First segment of my   interview discussing  are terrible negotiators amp; lost all their cards  segment of my   interview discussing  insult of parents and sending him $5M bill  Trump: If Bill Maher Does Not Pay Off His $5 Million Bet  'Then Ill Sue Him'"  via  TRUMP TO BILL MAHER: PAY UP  via   Find work that you love. You have to have passion. That provides motivation.
The Baldwin family is well represented in the 13th season of All Star  with   Stephen does great.
The Republicans are always worried about the press--they should just do what is right.
  Happy Birthday
Lets get out of Afghanistan. Our troops are being killed by the Afghanis we train and we waste billions there. Nonsense!  Rebuild the USA.
  March 3rd.
Our new allies in Egypt the Muslim Brotherhood have close relations with Iran   We never should have abandoned Mubarak.
If youre still in school pay attention.  Education is a money machine.   Think Like a Billionaire
I cant wait to donate  $5 million to charity.  Just waiting on  to send me the money.
   Thanks.
  I agree.
   Thanks.
  Thank you.
   I will try!
  Thank you.
If you have a crisis whether on a ship or wherever there are heroes who rise above it. - Jerry Bruckheimer
  Thank you.
I believe in spending what you have to.  But I also believe in not spending more than you should. - The Art of the Deal
Wow I have just exceeded 2 million followers--and in such a short time!
Congratulations to Tom Brady  -- he is a great quarterback and a great champion!
Congratulations to Bob Kraft and Coach Bill Belichick for having built an amazing team.  Manning should have passed on 3rd down!
I cant believe  allowed final touchdowndumbest defensive play I have ever seen in football.
...and will be very embarrassed unless they get smart fast.
The Republicans have been played into a trap by the President--they forgot the 14th amendment.....
I am a handwriting analyst. Jack Lews handwriting shows while strange that he is very secretivenot necessarily a bad thing.
Dopey  is in for a lot of troubleI hope he has $5 million (for charity).
By the way folks  is not a smart guy (just look at his past)he just pretends he is!
Is  the dumbest man on television?I think so.
Lance Armstrong is now going to admit guiltcan that be possible after many years of denying? Just go away Lance.
According to many and while nominated I would have won the Emmy many times except for my politics.  you imagine if Obama had to give today's press conference before the election? He would have lost.   really blew it.
Remember as a senator Obama did not vote for increasing the debt ceiling   I guess things change when President?!
Just as I predicted today Obama called for even more tax increases.  The Republicans played right into his hands and blew their cards.
Back by popular demand  returns to the 13th season of All Star  She is fierce in the Board Room!
. did a great job last night with the  Im probably helping  lowly rated showbut charity will benefit by $5 million so its worth it.
Still waiting for a response from   Does he even have $5 million?
"Theres nothing compassionate about allowing welfare dependency to be passed from generation to generation." - Time To Get Tough
Everyone is starting to feel the new tax hikes.  You get what you vote for!
I agree with Pres. Obama on Afghanistan.  We should have a speedy withdrawal.  Why should we keep wasting our money -- rebuild the U.S.!
It is snowing in Jerusalem and across Lebanon.  Global warming!
... debut her first 2013 Melania Timepieces amp; Fashion Jewelry collection!
Please tune in January 15th at 6:00AM EST and 6:00PM EST to the QVC network to watch my wife  savvy investor is a sponge for information. You have to read the newspapers...
If someone says Ill bet you ten dollars and loses the bet its pay up time.
Can you believe that the Afghan war is our longest war everbring our troops home rebuild the U.S. make America great again.
Wheres the press?  1484: 72 of Afghan Casualties Have Occurred Under Obama   Thanks.
  Thanks enjoy.
I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom. -- George S. Patton
You can have the most wonderful product in the world but if people dont know about it its not worth much. - The Art of the Deal
   Thanks and good luck.
 Thanks Bradley.
Never bet against Bob Kraft Bill Belichick or Tom Brady!  Bloomberg: Chryslers Jeep expects China production agreement soon.  I told you so.
Lance Armstrong is having a breakdown. What is he doinghis life is now officially over!
Lance Armstrongs liability amp; lawsuits against him have just increased tenfoldhis lawyers will be very happylots of fees!
Unlike U.S. China taxes things made in the U.S. and sold in China. China demands plants we dont. Stupid!
We were led to believe that Jeep would manufacture in U.S. and sell to Chinalike China does to us.
  No held up to storm very well.
  Wrong--course held up very well despite monster storm.
  Scotland course held up to storm very well.
 Wrong!
Do your homework before you invest.  A dumb investor is a dead investor.   Think Like a Billionaire
Hard work is my personal method for financial success.  You can do it too. - Think Big
The word is that Lance Armstrong will now implicate officials and others --- but who knows if hes telling the truth
. Playmate of the Year  returns to the 13th season of All Star  is smart amp; beautiful.
  Thanks Antoine.
... Is a third party coming? I hope not.
 is burying itself. 63 of Republican voters think  Congress is out of touch  ...
... to OPEC countries that hate our guts.  Its stupid policy.- Time To Get Tough
"Were singlehandedly transferring hundreds of billions of dollars a year...
Does anyone really believe that Chuck Hagel is sorry for any of his past comments or supports Israel?
Re Lance Armstrongnot only was it a big lie but a big lie that lasted too long!
Our country under President Obama is on life support! Great leaders must bring people together.
Glad to hear Derek Jeter just removed his boot and is practicing on the field for   Derek is a true champion.
China watched Obamas press conference yesterday salivating.  We will be borrowing trillions more from them.
  Thanks Christian and good luck.
  March 3rd.
  Thanks and enjoy.
Go as far as you can see; when you get there you'll be able to see farther. -- J. P. Morgan
  March 3rd.
 He brought them on himself!
 has not responded...not a word. His lawyers must have told him to shut up!
Does anyone remember this  clip when he got fired from ABC- in fact fired like a dog!  Thank you- I did!
 No
 Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Great!
 Write to Mark Burnett.
 Thank you.
 Thank you.
If everybody sued the Journal News for revealing their info (guns)- paper would go out of business.
Journal News readership is already down 50 percent over the years.
Lance Armstrong was given veryvery bad advice!
Lance Armstrong made a really big mistake by opening up to Oprah. Ill bet he wishes he had the chance to do it over again.
Look I have always liked Lance Armstrong- I just hated what he did to himself including recently. His life will now be hell.
The first ever All-Star Celebrity  premieres Sunday March 3rd!  to Tom Scocca and Timothy Burke of  for exposing the Manti Teo fiasco.
...or mentally troubled (or a con).
Not believable that Manti Teo was in love for one year with a girl he never met- she then died. He is either very stupid....
Can it just be new age that Manti Teo fell in love with a girl he never met or is it a hoax?
IMO--- Manti Teo was involved in a hoax for sympathy to get the Heisman Trophy.
. apology(Brent Musburger) was a disgrace to broadcasting--- stop being so politically correct!
Brent Musburger did himself a great favor by saying what everyone was thinking- he is much more popular now than before.
Dumbass  has still not given me the 5 million he committed to charity--- we just presented him with a demand notice.
. needs to cut back on the pot and maybe he will stop making offers he cant afford.
. show is great for helping me get to sleep--- better than Sominex.
. should fire  and bring back  someone that is actually funny.
I'll bet Lance Armstrong wishes he didn't do the interview with Oprah-- he's saying to himself "what was I thinking?"
The interview with Oprah will cause Lance Armstrong huge legal and financial problems- sometimes it is better to go into a corner and hide.
. stock went way down because of 787- so I just bought stock in  great company!
All time hit leader Pete Rose should now be in the Baseball Hall Of Fame. He has paid his penalty!
Trump Dorals renovations are right on schedule  Once completed it will be the top resort in the U.S.
Miss Alabama  stopped by to say hello today.  wouldn't believe how tall and beautiful  is- 6'5" in heels. She is also a total winner in...    That's Shaquille O'Neal's shoe.
Lance Armstrong did himself great harm last night. Lawsuits amp; failure will follow him!
. was great-- amazing that she got Lance Armstrong to totally destroy his life. Why did he ever do that interview?
The interview was great for  and terrible for Lance Armstrong!
Teos imaginary girlfriend is one of the great cons of all timeor hes very stupid.
I still say Te'o did this in order to get sympathy for the Heisman votethankfully he did not win.
Alabama people are saying their team has real football amp; real girlfriendsnot good for Notre Damebut theyll be back!
. guys are total losersthey had their story stolen right from under their bad complexionsother media capitalized!
Dummies  had their big payday taken from them by others in the media.
. will never make itthey dont understand graciousness or moneyand best guy is leaving?
. disgusting response will teach me amp; others not to be nice anymorea sad lesson.
   Thanks Patrick--a great compliment.
  She can't but I adore her.
 Thanks.
    Sad losers!
 Thanks.
  Wrong!
  They are total losers.
Champion  triumphantly returns to 13th season of All Star  Spoiler  Bret is back to his winning ways.
 Thanks Steve.
  Yes.
. with some of my memorabilia.    Thanks Nick.
  Not negative!
  Thanks Hank.
New York should Frack. Thousands of jobs and millions in revenue. NY would be a truly rich state.
Trump Dana-Farber waiting on Bill Maher  via  action every day and stay focused for the long haul. - Think Big
   Thanks.
 Yes and thanks.
Most people think small because most people are afraid of success afraid of making decisions afraid of winning.    The Art of the Deal
 Happy Birthday tomorrow Matt
Republicans and Democrats must come together now to make America great again!
Wow...NYT reports  was the number 1 show in branding on television for all of 2012.
I wish President  the best of luck in his second term...
...Whether you are a Republican or Democrat we should hope that Pres.   does a great job for the country.
My  interview discussing Pres. Obamas inauguration  debt plan amp;  #1 branding  second term is going to very tough for the Republicans.  The Republicans must pick their battles wisely and play smart.
Golfer bids $130000 for round with Donald Trump in Scotland for charity  via Evening Express
Get ready for the fireworks between  amp;  in 13th season of All Star   Neither one will back down.
Hypocrites!  new video shows Journal News reporters refusing to designate their homes as gun free  to hear  has hired  to cover   She will be absolutely terrific! Miss USA pageant is proud.
Pay attention to the small numbers in your finances such as percentages and cents...
"Socialists think profits are a vice; I consider losses the real vice." - Winston Churchill
The Presidents speech was very combative toward Republicansthey have obviously not earned his respect!
Republicans dont extend the debt ceilingmake the great deal now!
If the Republicans need a chief negotiator I am always available--or can recommend some really good ones!
Obamas speech indicates he wants to change this country as we know it--wow he really feels emboldened.
Part of Obamas new-found confidence is that the Republicans arent using their power of ideas properly or effectively.
   Well he's now paying a big price!
  Emil--great amp; do well with it!
 Thanks Myriam--starts on Sunday March 3rd  at 9 pm EST
  Thanks and enjoy!
   Just success for our country!
   Thanks!
  Thanks!
   He is too smart to do that!
  Casandra--It's not--thanks.
 You really sound like a loser no-name!
   Winning!
   Not looking like it!
  I don't go away!
You must promise that you will never cheat off Manti Teos test papers.
 Midas Touch is a good choice for those with entrepreneurial interests.
 Thanks Timothy.
   Very nice thanks Barb.
 You do and thanks.
  Thanks Tiffany.
 Thanks--enjoy your visit.
 Thanks Bobbie.
 Hope so!
 Way beyond!
  Easy--only small area.
   Of course I do--for good of country!
Here I am with  at Mar-a-Lago.   True!
  You were a terrible editor who got fired?--and you were wrong.
  And a dumb guy!
  Only tell the political truth--thanks.
My  interview discussing my video endorsement of   and past visits to    Thanks Jedi.
  Thanks Steve!
  Thanks Heidi.
 Sadly true!
Via   All-Stars' first trailer  is excellent on American Idolgreat touch solid guy!
  Make sure you are doing what you love to do. You need passion to keep you going.
 Thank you--a great compliment.
  I do--and say hello to Carson.
.   Barbaraget better fast amp; stay healthy forever.
 Thanks and good luck.
  Ellis--get well soon!
The worst negotiators in history (otherwise known as Republicans) have just offered to suspend debt ceiling for four months. Pathetic!
Republicans are always worried about their general approval. With proposing to 'ignore the debt ceiling' they are ignoring their base.
Watch this great behind the scenes video of  Spring 2013 photo shoot-  positive from last week for Lance was that everyone was focused on Manti Te'o!  Why did Lance do that interview?
The Tea Party delivered the House for  so they could be fiscally responsible. Instead they have been irresponsible!
Has Pres. Obama or the White House told the public what happened in Algeria yet?  Wheres the media?
Scary. Over 8332000 Americans left the work force during Obama's first term  How did Romney lose that election?
Happy 8th Anniversary to   yourself on your ability to find creative solutions to tough problems."   - Think Big
I cannot believe the Republicans are extending the debt ceilingI am a Republican amp; I am embarrassed!
I can accept failure everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.  Michael Jordan
When the New York Times sold their beautiful long-time building for peanuts amp; the buyer flipped it for a massive profitthey lost me!
... in order to occupy space in a truly ugly office building in a much worse location!
The New York Times should never have moved out of their magnificent original home...
Be sure to read my column in  Europe is terrific place for investment  by popular demand  delivers in the upcoming  All-Stars season. Yes he sings.
Congratulations to  on his electoral victory.  He will now be the longest serving   A great leader.
Stamps are going up once again. Now the US postal service will lose even more money.
Exxon donated $250g to Obama's inaugural  I guess the Democrats have no problem accepting money from 'big oil.'
It all comes down to one simple question: How much money can you stand to lose? Thats how much risk you should assume.
One of the keys to thinking big is total focus.  The Art of The Deal
Wow the ALIS just nominated my purchase of Doral in Miami as Transaction of the Yearthanks!
Radio interview w  discussing   why NY must start fracking amp; staying in  primary   stock a year ago for old fashioned reasonI love their product and service.
One of the countrys dumbest newspapersThe Palm Beach Post--should be put to sleep. Its dying.   is rightCalifornia taxes are far too high. Its ridiculous.
Spain's government is closing down wind turbines--- the maintenance is higher than the income.
60 Minutes treats President Obama with kid gloves--- Mike Wallace is spinning in his grave!
Gov.  referred to the Republicans as the stupid party. Now he has given Dems a phrase to use.
Is Gov.  the stupid one for using the phrase the stupid party when referring to the Republicans?
I wonder how  feels after last nights love fest between Obama and Hilary on  Cant be too happy.
Here I am with Whitney Houston at a party at Mar-a-Lago.  should do the Yankees a favor and never play again.
. is playing like his old self in the Farmers Insurance Open.  He will have a great year.
Still waiting to hear from  Every day he dodges me is one less day that $5M is being used for charity.
Two years ago I told everybody to start looking amp; buying housesI hope you listened! (but there is still time).
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths rather than travel worn paths of accepted success. - John D. Rockefeller
The new reality.  Chinas economy underpins global demand  Our leaders just watched as China took full control.
A-Rod is now being investigated for continued doping   have a great opportunity to dump him now.  Go for it!
Via   Faldo calls team-up for golf course with Trump entertaining  darling  is back in this years All-Star   Marilu is a fierce competitor.
  Happy Birthday and good luck!
Just as I predicted people are going to be shocked by the rise in premium prices thanks to Obama Care   Enjoy!
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war." The Art of The Deal
Randy Moss said he was the greatest receiver of all timeno wayit was  Moss should not be bragging about himselfIm the only one who is allowed to do that!
The Republicans will get zero credit for passing immigration reformand I said zero!
Immigration reform is finebut dont rush to give away our country! Sounds like thats whats happening.
You have to have confidence in yourself and confidence to know that what you are doing is right.  Think Big
... People love to hear their names and their stories said out loud.  Think Like a Billionaire
Remember peoples names and small details about them. Use both in conversation...
. See attached article. Very frightening to people living around these monstrosities   is back competing in the upcoming "All-Star"  Premiere is March 3rd on  at 9 p.m. EST.
Another nasty season premieres Sunday March 3rd at 98c on NBC!  "Donald Trump would fire A-Rod"  via  10.17.12
. are privately ecstatic over A-Rod's latest doping bust. The evidence is damning   don't want him.
Glad to hear  has moved over to  Erick is a sharp political analyst.
RT  Donald Trump coined the phrase 'multilevel focusing'--I love it. It is when two ideas intersect amp; form a new innovation
Oh the wonders of the Arab Spring. Our new allies in Egypt the Muslim Brotherhood just called the Holocaust a "myth"     I agree!
I am a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
$4 gasoline  wowOPEC is very happy!
Gas prices are going up big leagueI told you sopayback to OPEC!
  Thanks and yes.
Wise words from my father:  Know everything you can about what youre doing.   Fred C. Trump
Wise words from my mother:  Trust in God and be true to yourself.  Mary MacLeod Trump
To entrepreneurs: Watching you could be the motivation for your employees so make it an example that will best serve your success.
Then ask: What am I pretending not to see? These two simple questions can pave the way for some very clear answers.
Ask: Is there anyone else who can do this better than I can?Thats just another way of saying know yourself amp; know your competition.
The dollar always talks in the end--although our pols are killing the dollar!
Is  incompetent? 400 million dollars down the drain and not 1 victory!
 Ashley Judd ad makes her and Obama look great...nobody wastes money like Karl Rove!
See the Ashley Judd ad by  and you will definitely vote for her and love Obama.
 is a total loser...save your money!
. ad is the best thing that ever happened to Ashley Juddsimply increases her profile.
Dummy  forgot to say that he made an absolute offer which I accepted. Hopefully charity gets $5M dollars.
How does  employ  with a pathetic show that he does---- what kind of "a special" is that? Complete garbage!
. so called show on HBO must be the cheapest "special" produced in the history of television--- it sucks!
Good luck  and nice hat!  to my friend  on winning the big golf tournament today!
Via  Tweet of the Day  dont like bullies.  I am not going to stand around and watch  target the Tea Party.  Karl Rove gave us Barack Obama. Loser.
Why does  lie about his Reagan credentials?  Hes a Bushie through and through.
Great column by  on  "Karl Rove Is Done"  Trump offers political advice to Palm Beach Republicans  via  Trump: Karl Rove Is A Total Loser So Why Are People Still Giving Him Money?   via  to Donald Trump"  via  My pleasure Jeffrey!
"Trump: I Love the Tea Party They Love Me"  via  (cross posted on   is far more to blame for Obama's victory than the Tea Party.
Had a great time hosting the Palm Beach County Republican at Mar-a-Lago.   gave a strong speech.  Shes great!
RT  Trump Int'l Golf Club West Palm Beach is spectacular. Almost makes me wish I had time to playlearnlike golf.
... A great person inspires others to see for themselves.  Harvey Mackay
A mediocre person tells. A good person explains. A superior person demonstrates....
Via  Donald Trump Blasts Beyonc for Suggestive Super Bowl Show  but  is allowed to say that about me.
Can you imagine if  said about Obama what he said about me (orangutan etc)the press would run him out of the country...
What do you think of my suing  for $5M for charity? He made an offer I accepted.
Donald Trump: Karl Rove Has Done Ashley Judd A Favor  via  endorsed a book on ObamaCare amp; it just went to #2 on the New York Times bestseller list!
Preview of Obamas SOTU: More taxes bigger government shrink the private sector end the Republicans amp; bankrupt the country. Enjoy!
Sad. Our food stamp rolls now surpass the entire population of Spain  We must do better or we will be Greece.
Going to Charlotte NC to speak before more than 20000 people on Saturday morningtotal sellout crowdwill be great!
While in Charlotte this weekend will visit my Trump National Golf Club on Lake Normana magnificent place amp; doing really well!
Via  Trump reveals routing for second course in Scotland  looks amazing in 2000   to build second Scottish course  via  okay but why do the haters (amp; losers) want to follow me on twitter?? Get a life!
Sorry but  is a good amp; smart man who is doing really well. Thats why he won  Doral Country Club purchase was made just before Miami real estate market went through the roofgood timing!
The new course at Trump International Scotland will be a par-72 layout with five sets of tees ranging from 7540 yards to 5630.
How can any Senator vote for Hagel as Sec. of Defense after that horrific hearing? He is not up for the job but will probably get it.
SEAL who shot Bin Laden is unemployed amp; cant feed his family  Everyone can get welfare but this SEAL cant eat!
Magician extraordinaire  is back in the All-Star  This time he has even more tricks up his sleeve.
Always pretend that youre working for yourself. Youll do a wonderful job. Its simple but it works.
Have confidence work hard and keep your focus on the small things that matter while keeping the big picture in mind.
To all young college graduates  stick in there keep your head up and make sure you dont miss any opportunities. They are out there.
  Hi and thanks.
Great news -  are starting their own Super PAC to fight   (via  Go get em!
Another must read from Jeffrey Lord  Rove Email Leaks: Ideological War Opens in GOP  the Keystone XL pipeline finally be approved? Will create over 100000 jobs and make us more energy independent.
  Keep your vision intact -- be positively persistent.
The Presidents speech tonight will largely focus on class warfare. The Republicans dont know how to handle thatI do.
Surprised  signed Michael Vick yesterday to be their 2013 QB. Vick is  talented but brittle amp; probably won't last long.
You've got something unique to offer--find out what it is. Ask yourself: What can I provide that does not yet exist? Innovation can follow..
What is the standard for which you want to be known? Identify that standard and follow it.
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.  Pres. John F. Kennedy
Wow Trump International Hotel amp; Tower Toronto was just ranked #1 out of 138 hotels in Toronto!  Happy birthday!
It is important to think positively. Negative thinking will kill your focus and destroy any chance you have of being successful.
Be tenacious. Being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once--a formidable combination.
Listen and learn from others but make your own decisions. Use your instincts--you alone know where you want to go.
My  interview discussing Pres. Obama playing golf w US Airways-American merger amp; oil  exclusive  interview with  discussing Trump National North Carolina amp; future deals  to see  Captain Derek Jeter back on the field.  He will have another great season and make NYC proud again.
All-Star  premiering March 3rd on  features terrific TV stars competing in the toughest tasks yet. Will be great.
Dianne Gallagher  is a great reporter for News Channel 36 in Charlotte NC. Fantastic interview--thanks!
"I love the Lakers and when you love the Lakers you want them to win so badly that you will work tirelessly." - Dr. Jerry Buss
Trump: 'I like North Carolina we are looking at another deal'  via   "Donald Trump: Lake Norman golf course 'one of the hottest places around'"   I hear you are doing great! Take care of yourself.
Being an entrepreneur is a big task. So what can you do to prepare? First and foremost expand your focus. - Midas Touch
. says that "the Iraelis are controlling our government"   Let's fire him a second time.
Idiot  always forgets to mention that I am suing him to collect the $5M for charity that he expressly offered.
Good news -  is going to fight back against Roves attack on the Tea Party  Go get em!  China is helping Iran smuggle nuclear parts  . China is not an ally but our country's greatest threat amp; rival.
"Donald Trump will keynote Oakland County Republicans' Lincoln Day dinner"  via  Record  crowd expected.
$5 a gallon gas and we have yet to approve the Keystone XL Pipeline.  OPEC is laughing at us.
"Always protect against the downside--the upside will take care of itself." Donald J. Trump
. you were excellent on Howard Stern...thanks for the nice comments about my kids...yours are winners also!
John McCain had a really hard time with his town hall meeting on immigration. They really went after him!
Republicans must be careful with immigrationdont give our country away.
If you think we have a problem with Social Security and Medicare now try taking in millions of new citizens all at once.
  Hi Robert--good luck.
My Twitter has been seriously hacked--- and we are looking for the perpetrators.
Only 10 more days until the premiere of All-Star  On March 3rd at 9PM EST  the fireworks return to the Board Room!
Twitter will soon be irrelevant if lowlifes are so easily able to hack into accounts.
Interesting article by   WHY ROVE AND STEVENS ARE PLAIN WRONG  to Miss Universe 2011  amp;  great  on their engagement! I am very happy for you both.
China is not our friend. They are not our ally. They want to overtake us and if we dont get smart and tough soon they will.
... It is all about incorporating a sense of optimism into everything you do while also acknowledging the negative.  Think Big
Positive thinking is not merely wishful thinking...
Drew Peterson just got 36 years for killing his wife - bring back the death penalty!
 A Hall.
I've just done a major Dateline for NBC - March 3rd just ahead of Apprentice.
What would All-Star  be wout a Baldwin?  is at the top of his game this season. Our fans will be happy.
"Donald Trump visits Doral resort says hes allaying neighbors concerns"  via  defeats more people than any other one thing in the world." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
... Will be there front amp; center along with the 70 greatest players in the world. WGC- Championship
Enjoyed my visit to Trump Doral in Miami yesterday. Looking forward to returning for the WGC- Championship on March 6th-10th...
The PGA tour just extended my Trump Doral contract for WGC for ten years.
Vince McMahon  and I hold the all-time ratings amp; pay-per-view record in the history of wrestling.
...  Doesnt seem like they have a coherent strategy right now.
For the Republicans to have any success these next two years they must have a long game plan...
...then he who continues the attack wins. - Ulysses S. Grant
Last night William Shatner had more airtime than any winner. It should have been called the William Shatner show...
How did you like Michelle Obamas bangs last night?
Why do losers amp; haters always say I wear a wig when they know I dont. Like it or not its all minejust ask Barbara Walters.
Whenever one of the morons say I wear a wig stop reading because they have no credibility amp; just hate.
 Very good!
  Thanks and good luck!
 Hi Mikey--work hard and good luck.
  Thanks Roxanne.
.... It is a very effective amp; commonly used business tool.
People buy deals amp; immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals..
Almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool...
Speaker John Boehner who I like should never have agreed to raise taxes because the Republicans got absolutely nothing for it!
The media is so in the tank for Obama that it is amazingthe funny thing is he cant stand them!
...So far he has been a complete failure at doing so. He should read The Art of the Deal and use his energy to focus on a new career.
An individual whose whole career is trying to take down successful celebrities with nonsense campaigns has turned his attention to me.....
. is right to expect Yahoo employees to come to the workplace vs. working at home. She is doing a great job!
  Thanks--the big question is why!
  I will.
 Thanks.
 Thanks good questiongood point.
  Thanks.
Via  "Trump to  Sequester Cuts Dont Go Far Enough"   interview discussing why the sequestration cuts are necessary our $17T national debt amp; 2016 election   re: the sequestration failure of leadership in DC China playing us amp; taking over in 2016  TRUMP BLASTS THE OSCARS"  via   "Donald Trump Trashes 'Tacky' 'Boring' Oscars Blasts 'Racist' Django Unchained"  is making speeches excoriating the Republicans and they never answer back. Why arent they fighting?
Must read column by Bob Woodward explaining how Obama pushed for sequestration amp; promised no tax increase  $85B sequester is just 2 of Obama's $3.5T record deficit spending budget.  Our leaders are ruining our children's future.
The countdown is on. The 13th season of All-Star  premieres this Sunday March 3rd at 9PM EST on  Big!
Our leaders are terrible. The government spends over $50B a day.  It cant find cuts for less than 2 days of spending?! Sad!
Obama is finally stopping the Chinese from buying something in America  windfarms   What a joke!
... amp; all Obama is concerned about stopping them doing is buying wind farms  is buying gas fields in Texas  amp; stealing our corporate secrets...
RT  Good to hear  is on board.GOP is the party of free enterprise.Join us as we innovate:  I was just informed that I'm being inducted into the  Hall of Fame-- a great honor -- 4613 at   Thanks David.
Via  "Donald Trump returns to the 'Apprentice' boardroom"  Trump Returns For 'All-Star Celebrity Apprentice'"  via  sure to watch The History of WrestleMania on  My interview explains how I supported the event early on. I'm proud of it.
Everyone is excited for  return to All-Star   Be warned this time Gary is even more insane!
I am very proud of  performance in the record 13th season of All-Star  Watch.
Remember no one ever said success was easy.Good luck doesnt come overnight.But if u work hard amp; love it u will find success amp; luck.
One good aspect of the Obama depression is that it will separate the winners from the losers. If you can make it now you deserve it!
Over the years I've discovered that for a brand to build the people surrounding it have to work exceptionally well together.
 Matt--Hope you will have a Happy Birthday.
For those of you defending Bret and saying Omarosa should go remember Bret chose O which could also be considered a big mistake!
To show you how dishonest some of the press is they took my funny amp; (cont)  previous tweet Dennis Rodman would do a better job than the current (cont)  to Trump National Doral to check the progress prior to the start of the Cadillac Championship on Thursday. Ill be there all week
Rory Tiger Phil and Ernie will be fun to watch this weekend at Trump National Doral.
 Thanks Sven and good luck.
  I agree it's a beautiful course to play. Thanks.
Remember--the worst thing you can do in a negotiation is seem desperate to make the deal.
 It will be fantastic! Be sure to visit.
  If you love what you're doing motivation is never a problem.
The Formula of Knowledge: The best way to learn is through studying the history of success and failures in your industry.
Just arrived at Trump National Doral saying hello to all the great players. This place is amazing.Come Thursday amp; see for yourselves!
      Happy Birthday Tiffany.
Ernie Els and myself at Trump National Doral.  youre at a meeting monitor your behavior and work at being an observer  of yourself and others.  Think Like a Billionaire
Its important to promote an image of yourself each and every day. Its part of having a sense of self and a sense of purpose.
 Thanks Evan and good luck.
  Thanks Michael.
It is my great honor to be speaking at CPAC 2013. They are all about what's good for America.
Via  Trump will speak at CPAC"by       ACU Announces  will be a featured speaker at #CPAC2013!  Get tickets today at  I wish him the best of luck.
 It will be fantastic--be sure to visit.
Building a brand is like building a skyscraper-the foundation comes first. The bigger the building the deeper the foundation needs to be
It was just announced that  song DonaldTrump went platinumtell  Mac Miller to kiss my ass!
Without momentum theres a lack of energy that can lead the best of ideas to nowhere. Get your momentum going-- and keep it going.
Dateline NBC featuring yours truly just set a season high in households in the ratingsno wonder NBC likes me so much!   "Trump 'blowing up'  after WGC-  by   "Major makeover: Trump has big vision for Doral"  by   WHAT?!  is speaking at #CPAC2013? This conference just became like a hundred times more awesome!
Via   "DONALD TRUMP TO SPEAK AT CPAC"  by  hope you enjoyed the premiere of All-Star Celebrity  Make sure  watches!
Its been great making so many new friends at Trump  for the  Good luck to everyone!
My interview w  re:  amp; my $200M of future renovations invested in Trump   Good subject good luck!
  Thanks Jessica.
 Thank you.
  Thanks Raul.
Celebrity Apprentice tonight at 9 on NBC - some amazing things happen! Think Big
Obama has now become the weakest POTUS against China yuan just hit record high against dollar   Very sad!
Chinas top academics are working w PLA in cyber-espionage of our state secrets amp; Ramp;D  They are laughing at us!
...Re: China--I told you that a long time ago.  decades of our leaders allowing China to steal our jobs amp; Ramp;D the Chinese will overtake America in 2016 ...
Strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact amp; you will find yourself ready for a grand slam. - Think Like A Champion
" I mean it when I say I would take a bullet for     Wow how nice - thanks!
   Very good Joel!
Good Morning America weather headline for U.S. - "NEVER ENDING COLD"
For all of my many Jewish friends Happy Passover.
. has made a truly great comeback - he is number one again! Give him credit comebacks are tough to do. Way to go Tiger.
The windfarm approval in Scotland is subject to many conditions that can never be met - will be tied up in courts for years! #EOWDC
The radar defense shipping and civil aviation problems will stop the ugly windfarm. #EOWDC
 Thank you!
 Great--good luck.
 Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles.
al-Megrahi  was the man who blew up Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie Scotland.
The Scottish windfarm was conceived by the same mind that released terrorist al-Megrahi for humanitarian reasons. ..
The off shore Aberdeen wind farm site is experimental amp; has no track record delivering energy.   Alex Salmond pleaded with Donald Trump to back release of Lockerbie bomber   ...
...and now Alex Salmond pushes ugly turbines!
Via  "Donald Trump warns of dangerous precedent in Cyprus bank skimming"  Trump shocked by 'stupid decision' about  on '    This is from someone who knows they are a disaster.
Via  "Trump joins with Chandler in bid to attract events"  Hiding evidence of global cooling   Scientific data is cooked!
When someone can discourage you you probably aren't determined enough. Be resolute. That's what it takes to get things done.
When somebody challenges you fight back -- be tough!
Many people look at successful people amp; don't see anything but the end result. They don't see all the work that went into getting there.
Many of  friends were quick to abandon him in his time of crisis. Now Tiger knows who he can count on.
Sometimes we do things to build up experience and stamina to prepare but it's to prepare us for something bigger.
"  I really miss  on All-Star Apprentice Will he be back as a judge?" Yes!
Great piece on Extra tonight re. Celebrity Apprentice!
   Great - call me we'll get you on!
I'm doing The David Letterman Show tonight -should be interesting!
The new selection of ties shirts and suits at Macy's is amazing - also available in Trump Tower lobby.
General Petraeus should stop apologising and get on with his life. He is a good man and should have a great future.
The developer of the Scottish wind monstrosities Vattenfall just laid off 2500 people amp; has serious financial difficulties.
In case you missed it last week's  interview  with  discussing Tiger Woods amp; much more  night's  's interview by  of gorgeous 2012     Great job!
Via  "Oakland County High Schoolers Have Chance to Win $1000 Scholarship amp; Meet Donald Trump"  to fantastic All-Star  celebrity amp; illusionist  on being honored at 2013 Hollywood Walk of Fame!
We have tremendous economic power over China if our leaders knew how to use it which they don't! China's economy would collapse without us.
China is the biggest environmental polluter in the World by far. They do nothing to clean up their factories and laugh at our stupidity!
Major article in New York Times today discusses the cost of environmental damage in China and how it is RAPIDLY GROWNG! Rest of World pays.
"  When will NYT write about vaccine damage and its price? 3 girls w autism here Mr. Trump." They should Kim!
No I'm saying that the World is paying the price for China's pollution while they make a fortune with their dirty factories! Very sad.
Have a GREAT EASTER I love you all!
BIG NIGHT on Celebrity Apprentice tonight. IMPORTANT starts at 10 P.M. as scheduled but NBC just increased all future episodes to 2 hours!
So what will happen to the Big O on Celebrity Apprentice tonight. Remember I only fire people when it is deserved not for other reasons!
I hope everyone or rather almost everyone had a GREAT EASTER! We need our leaders to make great and wise decisions in these troubled times
What will happen to Omarosa tonight? One of our all time great episodes!
"  Donald why is tonight's episode only an hour? #dissapointment"  As per plan but NBC increased future to 2hrs
Are people really afraid of  Would you be? #CelebApprentice
. judgment wasnt the best in who she chose to come back to the boardroomthat was her demise. #CelebApprentice
. on CPW in NYC is the home of the globe that has become an icon in the city. #CelebApprentice
Read about how this hotel came into being in my book Never Give Upits quite a story. #CelebApprentice  is back! Did I see  wince? #CelebApprentice
. and one of his Busey-isms:  Art is only the search it is not the final form. #CelebApprentice
Now he has made his Busey-ism into a song. #CelebApprentice
. take on  seems to be a classic love-hate combo. Piers can be tough and everyone knows it. #CelebApprentice
Agreed--  says he and  have a communication malfunction. #CelebApprentice
" The only person I enjoy following is   Thanks!
"  a world with Donald Trump is a world I don't want to live in #inspiration"  Wow how nice!
Ever see  in performance? Theyre fantastic. And so are Penn amp; Teller. Dont miss them. #CelebApprentice
Piers truly hates Omarosa!
Whose artwork was your favorite and what team do you think will win? #CelebApprentice
. has received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame about time! #CelebApprentice
. continues to do important work for  Childrens Research Hospital. I am very proud of  philanthropy.
" My dad amp; I are huge #Trump2016 supporters we were disappointed when 2012 didn't happen!   Thanks!
What do you think  is writing? #CelebApprentice
Great boardroom! What did you think? #CelebApprentice
Adrian was recognized on a Disney cruise and has had many photo requests in  We have a new celebrity! #CelebApprentice
I'm getting ready to be inducted tonight into the WWE Hall of Fame at Madison Square Garden - a great honor for me and the Trump family!
 Lili will call you - thanks and good luck!
Our President must be very careful with the 28 year old wack job in North Korea. At some point we may have to get very tough-blatant threats
When is South Korea going to start paying us for the massive amounts of money we are spending to protect them from the North?
China is pushing North Korea!
Had a fantastic time at yesterdays All-Star  press conference with  in  Chinese must still be laughing at Kerrys trip to China.  He got nothing gave them everything and promised even more.
Our gov't is so pathetic that some of the billions being wasted in Afghanistan are ending up with terrorists  is easy. Dealing with people is hard. If you are an entrepreneur your most important job is to choose who works with you.
It is terrible that neither Obama Biden nor Kerry attended Lady Thatchers funeral. They would all run to Muslim Brotherhood Morsis.
 Thanks.
  Great!
Druggie A-Rod  biggest fraud is lucky George Steinbrenner is no longer with us.   would have voided his contract.
Obamas $1T deficit budget expanded welfare amp; green cronyism amp; it cut domestic bomb prevention in half  spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views  is the top luxury public golf course in the country  small when you could think big limits you in all aspects of your life.
Everyone loves  here she is with  and me.   Mr. Trump what keeps you going ?."  Love of my family Country and work!
 True but the losers don't know that--thanks.
#TBT At the US Open Tennis Tournament with  see same hairstyle!  Im at 2200000  followers but Id love to get rid of the haters amp; loserstheyre such a waste of time!
 Maybe Obama?
 I never went bankrupt you dope!
#TBT Do you believe- once upon a time Jon Stewart really liked me? From 2004.   Trumps $200M Old Post Office Project Gets Early Approval  says many more pictures may be out therethis is just what NYC needs a pervert Mayor.
Pervert Alert! Serial sexter  has promised to use twitter as a tool. Parentsmake sure your children have him blocked.
After tearing W Bush down for 12 years now the media loves him. Why not? He gave them Obama.
Dangerous. While Obama is cutting down our military China has announced plans to build more aircraft carriers  continues to defend the billions it pissed away on green energy failures  Your money was wasted.
We need another Bush in office about as much as we need Obama to have a 3rd term.  No more Bushes!
 I will thanks!
 So true.
 I certainly did--in spades.
House Republicans should be doing everything possible to defund ObamaCare.  Instead Leadership is funding it  as I say not as I do.The politicians who passed ObamaCare are now exempting themselves from the monstrosity  READ ARTICLE: Immigration reform could be bonanza for Democrats  Are the  amp;  suicidal?
To be in charge you have to take responsibility you have to instill confidence. Its like being a conductor--set the tempo.
Can   and  continue to co-exist? Find out on this Sundays Celebrity All-Star  your area of business. All business involves risk but risk can be reduced when you learn everything you can about what youre doing.
Looking forward to addressing   'Road to Majority Conference' on June 13th  Boston terrorist thugs mother is also a radical.  I am sure she will be granted citizenship shortly.
Just as I predicted Iraq is deteriorating into utter chaos   The war was a waste. China is taking all the oil.
Does Bushs library have a wing featuring Supreme Court Justice Jon Roberts ObamaCare ruling? Roberts was his prize appointee!
Get ready for fireworks amp;  face off in the Board Room this Sunday on All-Star Celebrity  times being innovative is simply putting together pre-existing elements into something new. Be resourceful amp; expect success.
When you expect things to happen - strangely enough - they do happen. - J. P. Morgan
This Sundays All-Star Celebrity  features the return of   Sunday at 9 PM on  2 hours.
Ignorance is inexcusable; its the surest way to fail. No acceptable reason exists for not being well informed.
Being true to yourself and your work is an asset. Remember that assets are worth protecting.  Think Like a Champion
 True!
 No they have no guts.
 Much can be done and it would be easy!
 I don't hate him but he made some really bad decisions.
 Very true!
 Thanks.
 Wow!
 A one-sided piece of garbage--and I won--big success for Scotland!
 Thanks everyone loves it.
  True!
 be doing On the Record With Greta Van Susteren tonight at 10 P.M. Greta is a Terrific person who really gets it!  (FOX).
 Dan-You are a great guy with a great family-amazing future!
Canadians: My ultra luxury private plane will be featured on Sunday's episode of #MightyPlanes on  miss it at 8 ET!
  Lots and yes.
Via  "Robb Report: Trump Scotland Best Golf Course in the World"   by  U.S. taps Donald Trump to convert DC's Old Post Office into luxury hotel  int. on gov. collecting data whistle blower hiding in China amp; no bikinis in Miss World pageant  coincidence that the NSA leaker is living openly in Hong Kong?! At the same time the Chinese Pres. met with Obama in CA.
China is openly sailing warships in our waters amp; arming countries in our hemisphere including Mexico  Ally?
Worry destroys focus.  Think Big
  Thanks just really busy!
Somerset County New Jersey SWAT Team- really fantastic people!  and ties are doing great  home runs don't win today's games. - Babe Ruth
 Thank you.
   Thank you!
. and I on the 18th hole at Trump International Golf Links Scotland-  I am team  lt;3 lt;3 lt;3"   Thanks Georgia!
"   Hit 4 wood shots to get on that green. Stunning hole and best course in the world!
"  sad it has come to this. Clown on TV and selling nail clippers online. Ask  for a job?"
" 2016 platform? China must be stopped from treating the U.S. like a chump says     She will run!
"  Our prayers are with you Be well soon ! God bless you Nelson Mandela #Mandela   2-Day is #CoachLombardi 100th B-Day! Research him amp; learn how to be a #TrueLeader   Great coach!
"  "A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him" D Brinkley
  Me too thanks!
   Thanks and great job!
Great going to Bob Kraft amp; Bill Belichick of the  on   Tim is a winner just like them!
Please dont pay attention to all of those phony tweets that mention my twitter handle relative to diet -- it is a total scam.
. has panoramic Pacific Ocean views features a 7242-yard public course designed by Pete Dye  congratulations to  on winning the French Open. A great player amp; person!
With so many scandals plaguing Obama it seems that they all hit him at the right time. Could help him get away w all of them.
Congrats to  on winning  the  Mayor's Award for Lifetime Achievement! I love Barbara!
Via  by  "Donald Trump says This country is going to hell in a handbasket"  pretend that you're working for yourself. You'll do a wonderful job. It's simple but it works." - Think Like a Billionaire
Keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. Fill your mind with new information amp; use this information to spawn new ideas. - Think Big
 Thank you.
  Thank you.
The risk of a wrong decision is preferable to the terror of indecision.  Maimonides
. has topped Carbon Datas rankings of the most carbon-intensive companies in the EUs emissions trading scheme.
Amazing  tried to destroy Aberdeen.
"   how come katherine isn't a judge for miss USA????" Because she is friends with Miss Alabama!
  Thanks Matt!
"   ill admit hes the man when it comes to entrepreneurs"  Thank you!
"  congratulations on building the "world's best golf course". Scotland makes us jealous!"  Thanks Chris.
"  I most definitely agree with you. Such an inspiration you are"   Thanks and work hard and smart!
   Happy birthday Victoria.
"   is that hype or truly the world's best #golf course?" It is the World's best golf course!
" Looking forward to #MissUSA this weekend in Vegas!"  Great to have our former.Miss Alabama!
Wow sexual assaults in the military have gone through the roof far worse than anybody could have predicted!
   A round of golf compliments of me: Trump National Golf Club--Los Angeles.    been warning about China since as early as the 80s. No one wanted to listen. Now our country is in real trouble. #TimetoGetTough
If Snowden was such a hero then he would be in America.  He is escaping justice!
If  dropped out of the economically unfeasible wind farm development in Aberdeen who is (cont)  Youre starting up again because people have forgotten you. You wouldnt take my bet but its (cont)  DannyLet your bosses on Modern Family lend you the money to play the game.  Show courage!
 Have fun and thanks.
Looking forward to speaking at   Gala Dinner on Friday in D.C. His staff has been great!
.  Danny--You're a total loser!
I can't resist hitting lightweight  verbally when he starts up because he is just.so pathetic and easy (stupid)!
"  I think you try and make fun of  because you're jealous. Try and compare your career to his."
"  luv you"  That's great!
"  agreed he did the crime now he needs to do the time..face the music....Trump For President 2016"
"   Danny who?
"  #Trump2016 #zukerisaloser"
"Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul." - General Douglas MacArthur
"  is better than  in a lot of ways plus Donald has 2million more followers than zuker"
Why isnt the  congress doing everything possible to defund and cut ObamaCare?
Is it a coincidence that the Middle East has blown up since Obama became president?
"   wow! That was some fine initiated political arguments u had right there. #Trump2016"
"  we need more great Americans like you to make this country strong"   Thanks for the nice words!
"  ally my arse U exposed them years ago DT...time 4 U to get in the game...FOR REAL. You have backers...trust me."
"    If anyone could start a 3rd party in govt it is U...just do it..build it they will come.
" I'm voting for  Calls it like it is! #trump2016"  Very nice Frank - our Country does need leadership.
Lightweight  is too stupid to see that China (and others) is destroying the U.S. economically and our leaders are helpless! SAD.
" Not very presidential:  . Danny--You're a total loser!"  Perhaps but 100 true!
"  you have an amazing father    Thank you Stu and Ivanka is a great daughter!
"  I'd vote for you for president"  Thank you.
  .Sam you are so pathetic!
"  Please Run For President... Be Good To Have A Real Business Man In Office"
"  I'd vote for you too! I work for the welfare dept amp; I've never seen so many people on it. It should not be.
Just tried watching Modern Family - written by a moron really boring. Writer has the mind of a very dumb and backward child. Sorry Danny!
" I have to say I fave no idea who  is but I know  is and he has great hotels #whoiszucker"  TRUE.
   Now tell the truth.
"   so to tell you Danny boy.....trump is winning it.....as he usually does."  Danny is easy!
  Hater Danny is getting his ass kicked like he has all of his life!
"  WHO ON EARTH IS DANNY ZUKER????!!!!"  A lightweight moron who only gets attention by attacking Trump.
"  I've tried watching it a few times and think it is one of the dumbest shows ever! How can it win awards?"
   You have no chance!
" "You have to think anyway so why not think big?"  - Great quote from an experienced leader."
"  why didn't you run for this term?"  I should have I would have won!
" I was checking upon  bio and turns out that tomorrow is his birthday! I admire the guy. Thank you!
"  "The penalty of success is to now be bored by people who used to snub you" - Viscountess Astor (1879-1964)"
" Whao! So good to know that I share the same birthday as my mentor  Tomorrow's our Birthday!!!!!!" Happy birthday!
" Just saw the old post office in Washington DC that  is planning to turn into a hotel. It will be gorgeous
" What a great day  w  Can't wait to go back  #highlyrecommended. THANKS.
"  if you really thought you could have won you would have ran."  Very bad grammar (run).
Thanks to everyone for your kind birthday wishes -- very nice!
Challenges present opportunities.  Always keep your focus and stay calm.
Its Thursday.  How much has OPEC ripped us off today?
Still a great time to buy residential property.  The courts are holding up foreclosures.  Buy directly from the banks.
A friend of mine went to  and sent me this beautiful cake which we put in the atrium of   and I are looking forward to visiting Vancouver next week.  Big announcement
Fathers Day is Sunday. Find the perfect gift.Trump Signature Collection is exclusively available   Miss USA 2013 Sunday night at 9 PM ET. Live from Planet Hollywood Las Vegas.  amp;  are co-hosting Miss USA 2013 -- Sunday night at 9 PM ET on NBC.  will be performing. Tune in!
  Thanks Anna.
My  interview on Snowden the traitor national security and China hacking us  an advance preview of the Miss USA 2013 contestants as well as other show details go to  often becomes problem solving.  Problems come with the territory and they should never surprise you." - Think Like a Champion
  Thanks!
  Great!
 Have a good time enjoy this great city.
Dont find fault. Find a remedy.  Henry Ford
" . amp;  1st met at wedding of  when Christie was US attorney in the Bush admin."  TRUE
"  your business sense is amazing. I hope one of my children grow up to be as successful as you"  Very nice
"  can't wait for Monday mornings with Mr. Trump on Fox and Friends love to hear his opinion. Agree most times.
   Come to Miss U.S.A. tomorrow in Las Vegas-will be a great evening!
"  playing pine hill for pops day."  Enjoy it!
"  Obama arming Syrian rebels is a travesty and an embarassment to the US! What would YOU do?"  Stay out!
Happy Father's Day to all even the haters and losers!
We should stay the hell out of Syria the "rebels" are just as bad as the current regime. WHAT WILL WE GET FOR OUR LIVES AND $ BILLIONS?ZERO
" Oh my god the twitter fight between  and   There is no fight with  he is a nobody!
"  Hey Donald just want to say I'm a huge fan of your books. Your a real inspiration. Thanks!
"  acts childish fighting with  via internet" Wrong he started it and I finished it-he's nothing
"  Hello Mr. Trump. Long time reader first time tweeter. How do I deal with bullies?"  ATTACK OR IGNORE!
A family in Las Vegas just stopped a violent home invasion by shooting one of the perpetrators-the other fled and will be captured. Great!
"  moral of this story: guns (when used correctly) save lives!" TRUE!
"  Guns in the hands of responsible people saves lives."
"  Any plans to present in Sydney again? Missed the last one but heard great things about it"  YES
" Happy Father's Day dad! Love you!    Thanks Tiffany I am proud of you!
" With the endless amount of ties I buy I can say the  collection is at the top of my list. #quality   Thanks.
" Time to enjoy an amazing day!"   You were fantastic in winning the U.S. Open. Your father is looking down and proud of you!
Congratulations to Connecticuts Erin Brady on being crowned the 2013  America will be well-represented in  crowning moment  Conneticuts Erin Brady winning  2013  amp;  both did a wonderful job hosting  Everyone loved  amp;  performances!
Congratulations to   amp;  on making  list of "10 Journos You Don't Want to Fight on Twitter."
My  int. on Obama scandals not resonating no retribution on Benghazi Obama not being engaged  story on Miss Utah is very unfair. She simply lost her train of thoughtcould happen to anyone!    country that does not control or respect its own borders is a country destined for failure. Secure our borders!
I own  but he has his friends amp; haters amp; losers tweeting that he beat me. He cant beat me at anything!
Frankly for a writer I dont think  stuff is good. In fact its terrible.
Like it or not haters and losers everybody is talking about Miss U.S.A. and Miss Utah. By the way she is a fine young woman-unfair to her.
"  people think of u as a real estate king. Rightly so however u r the marketing king as well." Thank you.
" but when you're in a beauty contest ran by   all the contestants are republican." Bad grammar (run).
Snowden is sitting in China and taunting the U.S. He is mocking us as a Country. Great time to place a tax on China trade if not turned over
Snowden is doing great damage to our relations with other countries and U.S.prestige. China is laughing at us as he continues illegal action
All I can say is that if I were President Snowden would have already been returned to the U.S. (by their fastest jet) and with an apology!
Keep testing your limits. Never become complacent.  Always think big!
Young entrepreneurs  never back down. Take the hits and get up.  Thats what makes a winner.
"  welcome to vancouver . Enjoy your visit"  Thank you.
" Love this pic of  the beautiful Erin amp; the one and only  Amazing show. Great picture thanks.
"  I appreciate everything you've done in my lifetime"  Thank you Justin!
I met a Trump Twitter hater last night (well known). As he came near me he nervously said "Mr. Trump it is an honor to meet you sir!" Nice
" I may not agree with some of his politics but  is a phenomenal business man." So true!
"   Mr. Trump Im 45 today. Can I get a retweet for luck this year?"  Good luck!
The Miss Universe Pageant will be broadcast live from MOSCOW RUSSIA on November 9th. A big deal that will bring our countries together!
The Miami Heat is getting it's ass kicked - they better start playing or it will be a long Summer for them.
Do you think Putin will be going to The Miss Universe Pageant in November in Moscow - if so will he become my new best friend?
Great basketball game going on right now!
" Why did I quit following  Twitter is boring without him. I'm back for good!"  Everybody comes back!
Watch the game-really good.
Amazing comeback by The Heat - your friends at your favorite golf club Trump National Doral are proud of you. NOW for game 7!
"  rather watch season 7 of #theapprentice"
"  would love to see you on shark tank.... great white vs hammerheads"  But The Apprentice is far better!
   Thank you very nice!
"  is the best person I follow"
"  were you listening to Cher's new song?  Cher sucks - her song and music in general is terrible!
 Thank you!
"  Yes Apprentice IS better but world needs to see you on Shark Tank!!!"
"  Welcome to Vancouver! Hope you enjoy your stay."  Thanks!
" A man works construction is used to loud noise amp; can't adapt to noise from a windfarm. Beat EOWDC    So true.
. book The Amateur is out in paper back.  Lots of insights.
Great to see  back on  She's a wonderful woman and commentator.
I salute all Tea Party Patriots for marching on DC today.  Stand strong!
     Thank you.
I never made the ridiculous comment about James G. and Obama Care - somebody else put it out and attributed it to me. Not my style!
Who would really believe I would say such a thing about a guy I truly liked James Gandolfini.  Sadly very sick people use my name.
"  my friend and yours Mike San Filippo qualified for the US Sr Open. Mike is a great player-give him congrats!
"  I'm sure you didn't. There are a lot of sickos out there!"  That's for sure!
"  It continues to amaze me how losers just can't stand your success DJ. But success is the best revenge"
"  I don't thnk his acct was hacked he's saying he never twtd amp; no1 actually saw it only claimed he deleted.
Some dope said I deleted a tweet about James G. There was no tweet and there was no delete-a totally fabricated story (nobody saw tweet).
Keep your brand standard in mind and your expansion will seem possible as well as gratifying.  Midas Touch
James Gandolfini was a remarkable talent.  He was also a decent man.  We will all miss him.
We know who did the hoax of James Gandolfini and ObamaCare. Be careful Mister.
 Loser Danny is obsessed with Trump.
Our debt is about to reach $17T. Iraq has $20T in oil reserves. Interesting.
Negotiation is persuasion more than power. Negotiation includes a lot of fine lines--and that's what makes it an art.
Keep focused on your goals. Practice positive thinking. View any conflict as an opportunity--look at the solution not the problem.
  Thanks--it will be great.
Re negotiation: Trust your instincts even after you've honed your skills. They're there for a reason.
. stopped by to say hello.  people caught the person who committed "forgery" of the James Gandolfini-Obama Care phoney quote attributed to me-fraud. Arrest coming?
"  I do have to say I went to your timeline and saw you did NOT tweet that! Hope you catch the bastard!" DONE
After one of the great chokes in the history of sports it will be hard for the Spurs to beat the Heat - but who knows. Good game on now!
Vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
The best investors are visionariesthey look beyond the present.
Due diligence includes increasing your financial IQ daily.
 Thanks!
   Thanks I do and will!
 Good luck.
  Thanks.
Putin says Russia cant allow a weakening of its nuclear deterrentU.S. wants to reduceare we crazy?
Receiving the  trophy for best new golf course in the world- Trump International Golf Links Scotland.   Good luck.
"Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future." John F. Kennedy
"Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success." - Henry Ford
   Great meeting you!
"  HI Chalita Yaemwannang Miss Universe Thailand 2013 in NC.  See you in Moscow.
"  True! And you are one of them - A great investor."  Thank you.
" What???  has his own NY State Park? This guy is everywhere!   It was a gift from me.
" Pretty sure the reason  is so rich is because that guy never drank a drop of alcohol in his life" That helped!
" . does your ego permit you to donate something *without* requiring that your name be on it? State's idea!
 Enjoy your stay!
   Thanks it is a beautiful city.
    Have fun!
 or Ireland?
See Charles Gasparinos article in todays NYPost about Eric Schneidermans witch hunt against Republicans  liberals amp; Democrats think Eric Schneidermans use of the Atty Generals office is unfair amp; unethical.   Happy Birthday Anthony
Via  " oversees new healthy room-service menu at Trump Hotels"   Olympic golf course designer named by Trump-Damac  Central Park  brings both glamor and prestige to your Five Diamond hotel stay  and honored to be addressing  summit in Iowa this August.   are being embarrassed by Russia and China on Snowden (and much more) yet Obama is talking about global warming on Tuesday.
Snowden is showing how weak the U.S. has become.
Our debt is about to top $17T. ObamaCare and China (amp; others) are killing American business.
Some events will wipe out one person but will make another even more tenacious.  Think Like a Champion
"   Played Trump Golf Links Scotland last week - by far the best course in the world!! Thank you.
 Much better enjoy it!
  Great!
 Thanks.
 There certainly is plenty of evil.
 That's really nice--good luck!
 Thank you!
  Go for it!
Via  Trump Iowa Visit Raises 2016 Speculation  Thank you.
Yesterday 15  senators sided with people who got into this country by breaking our laws.
Becoming a US citizen is not a right its a privilege.
Unions who secure the border oppose the amnesty bill  Their expert opinions should at least be listened to.
We need to worry about the American worker first!
. #Skywire As much credit as he's been given he wasnt given enough credit for his incredible feat over Grand Canyon.
Looking forward to my  summit visit and speech.
"Keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. Be a collector of big ideas. Constantly fill your mind with new information." - Think Big
"If you have a hard time communicating one way to overcome it is to turn your focus onto your audience." - Midas Touch
Congratulations to our great resident of Chicago Trump Tower Patrick Kane  for the #StanleyCup win amp; winning MVP of series.
"    Ah...I don't watch much popular TV. But I do like "The Donald." You're very smart!
   Thanks.
"  I couldn't be a bigger fan! Love all you do!"  Thanks Emilee!
New and great selection of ties shirts and cufflinks - check them out!
" You are so annoying   Thank you now get a job!
"  made in China! No way! Lead the manufacturing back to USA !" I am working hard to do so!
"  Are you really calling for the execution of #Snowden ."  He is a traitor absolutely. Others won't follow!
" Say what you want about  he is a brilliant business man."  TRUE!
"  you are without a doubt the coolest! Not many people stand up for themselves in today's world!!" Thank you.
   They gave up because the shirts ties and cufflinks are hot sellers  I feel like that last tweet by  is gonna be a good one to have on record."  Yeah for me!
"   And you're okay with the government spying on you?" Must have power to stop terrorists etc.
"  you gotta start blasting Weiner everyday til he loses!"  A total pervert Mayor in NYC would be the end!
 You can't even spell businessman. I use the B laws like Buffett Kravis Icahn Zell etc. you dope-and learn how to spell.
"  I look forward to your wise words every day. Nice to learn from one of the best." You are very smart!
   Miss USA Pageant is MUCH better!
"  YOU'RE MY HERO!!!! I'm going into business because of you! I'm changing my name to Donald!"  Cute!
   Thank you.
   Almost all residents love the course and the great things it has done for the community. Polls have shown 93 approval:-)
The people of Scotland love the golf course I have built-it is now considered perhaps the greatest ever built! Thank you also to Robb Report
"  that's because you are THE DON... Nothing less than perfect"  Thanks-and your baby is beautiful!
"  #askdonald what are you most proud of in your life?"  My children!
Paula Deen made a big mistake in using a forbidden word but must be given some credit fot admitting her mistake. She will be back!
   The Wharton School of Finance is the best!
 Good luck--work hard!
 Great!
 Interesting!
  Thank you!
  Real estate!
One of the most expensive projects ever in Miami  $200M of renovations are right on schedule. When completed will be elite!
Shining over Fifth Avenue  (a NY icon) offers a full service restaurant bar cafe ice cream parlor and Gucci.
Dont be afraid of mistakes. They can be  learning tools on the way to building something great for yourself.  Think Like a Champion
Obamas speech on climate change was scary. It will lower our standard of living and raise costs of fuel amp; food for everyone.
China loved Obamas climate change speech yesterday. They laughed! It hastens their takeover of us as the leading world economy.
As hard as it is to believe sexting pervert Anthony Weiner is leading in some polls for Mayor of NYC.
Ability is nothing without opportunity. - Napoleon Bonaparte
" Just got thru reading "Time to Get Tough" by  It's a shame more people didn't read it before this past election
Located in Palm Beach FL historic Mar-a-Lago features 20 exquisite acres filled w world class amenities  was fabulous in  last nightas was the entire cast.
What a surprise! Newly released audit proves that the IRS only targeted Tea Party groups  could "eat up your raise"  Why isn't Congress defunding it? They're obsessed with amnesty.
Why do we always know how the four liberals are going to rule but have to think about which side the Republican judges will go.
Remember but for Conservatives Bush would have given us not only Roberts but also Harriet Miers. Face it Bush was terrible!
Whether you like it or not Bush also gave us Obama!
  Our country needs the same fix-up.
 An answer would not be pretty!
 Have fun.
  Thanks!
  Very sad isn't it!
  Have fun!
There are huge opportunities for profits if you can think big amp; create big solutions for the human needs brought by trends. -Think Big
Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power.  Lao Tzu
Call it any way you like but Snowden is a traitor. When our country was great do you know what we did to traitors?
Putin re Snowden issue it is like shearing a pig: theres lots of squealing and little fleece.
Keep difficulties in perspective. Ask yourself "is this a blip or is it a catastrophe?"
Can you imagine not taking Snowden's passport away before he jetted happily away to foreign lands (where he gave away many U.S. secrets).
" I wouldn't mind  as President at all. Just the man we need to get this country going again.  Thank you!
"  we need firm decisive leadership please consider a presidential bid mr trump." You are very smart!
   Only 40 hours? (just kidding).
"  how do you find the time?" Not easy!
" Infuriating that our government buys our flags from China! Such disrespect!     Trust me its been a while we saw an American as a president. i am for Sir Donald"
How did Snowden with not even a high school education get access to top secret U.S. records. He then gave or sold those records-traitor!
"  I don't know Donald but he sure has made our government look foolish!"  So who hasn't?
Another example of the destruction caused by wind turbines. Unnecessary waste--horrible!  in the heart of downtown Toronto the 65 story  offers an elegant and wonderful lifestyle  strive to outdo yourself.  Think Big
Obamas carbon tax plan will finance more windmills in America. More real estate depreciated wildlife killed incl. bald eagles
Congratulations to  on being signed to co-host  Crossfire. Great move by Jeff Zucker.
"Sometimes when you innovate you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly and get on with other innovations." - Steve Jobs
"Imagination is more important than knowledge." --Albert Einstein
I don't get  and his terrible show - he is dumb as a rock but tries so hard to pass himself off as a great intellect. Check past!
   They will mostly vote for Dems.
You mean the fact that my father left me some money (as a good father will) and I multiplied it many many times to over $10 billion-is bad?
What my father really gave me is a good (great) brain motivation and the benefit of his experience-unlike the haters and losers (lazy!).
"  you could have blown all the money or made it grow.....People are just jealous."  Totally true and thank you!
"  why do you need so much? Change some lives feed some hungry"  I do big league!
"  your dad gives good brain?? Damn"  It's called genes!
   So how is he allowed to get away with the crap he says?
"  have you ever contributed anything positive to the world? Making yourself rich.  Created thousands of jobs
" I don't understand why  wastes his time with fools on Twitter"  I don't either (I feel sorry for them?).
"   I know he supports others and he does not want or get in the news papers for it" Thanks.
"   Cause this is the best place to tell people to fux off without saying so. #Twitter"
   Thank you.
"  It breaks my heart u won't run 4 president and help so many more of us!" Lets see what happens!
"  What are your thoughts on this  drama?" Paula has to stop apologizing and get back to work!
"  haha you went bankrupt once? thats sad and embarassing" I never went bankrupt moron-see BuffettKravisZell!
"  How much $ did you start with? Not a hater just trying to get an answer. A tiny fraction of what I have built.
"  Thank You for what you have achieved it makes me work harder to achieve more for myself and my family"
"   A beautiful brilliant daughter   True!
"  You are a brilliant Business man! The US needs your skills to become great!! Trump for President."  Thank you!
"  would you ever consider opening a hotel in London? I'd certainly stay."  Yes!
"   prove it. And while you're at it prove your alleged IQ as well." The highest asshole!
   Wrong made a lot of money in Atlantic City-and most kids do blow their inheritance or do nothing with it-look at stats.
I like doing this once a month for the haters amp; losers (and as they know)-I don't wear a "wig". Some may not like my hairstyle but all mine
"   don't hate him for being successful. Hate him for being an "asshole" Actually I agree with that
"   If you hate him so much then why do you follow him? Because these people are serious losers (amp; lonley)
"  what's your favorite book?"  Trump The Art of the Deal.
Everytime someone tweets that I wear a wig realize to yourself that you are dealing with "them" - just another sad amp; lonely hater and loser!
   True!
"  Why do you hate so many people?"  I don't I love people!
"  u should have run for president. our country is in a mess"  Much bigger than you know!
"  How do you feel that the central park 5 were innocent"  Innocent of what-how many people did they mugg?
"  just got to NYC what's ur best tip to enjoy this amazing city?"  Go to Trump Tower 57th. amp; 5th. Avenue.
Just watched Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg on 60 Minutes. She should spend more time trying to get the F stock price up amp; less on her ego!
I am so disappointed that the Yankeed haven't terminatrd A-Rod's contract. There is no way they would not win in court! Hard to believe.
I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami this week to check out the $250 million renovation. In construction always watch the money!
"  I wish more people had ur tude"  But they don't.
"  when do you expect the course to be finished?"  November.
"  Hope the renovation is going well."  Thanks when finished it will be the best in Country-and going well.
"  I bet there are a lot of other things or people in this world that could use that money"  I create lots of jobs
"   lyin ass nigga"  Why does Paula D get destroyed and you can use the "N" word so freely asshole?
"   $10BB? Forbes has you at $3BB what gives?" They know nothing about me or my numbers.
"  or should I ask mark Cuban to tweet at me since you wont" He is boring and much poorer than me!
"  I mean Mark Cuban is better with his money than you"  Not even close dopey.
"  Your thoughts on Obama's trip to Africa?"  A total waste of taxpayers money! $100 million.
"  why you take so serious so many stupid tweets you are the Golden Boy of Real State all my respects."
"  We have our annual  Conference at the Doral October 23-25...will courses be OK to go?  Yes
"   Mark Cuban accepts the fact that the President of the United States was born here." Doubt it
"    My question is did MLK Jr. use the 'N' word? No only Paula Dean used it!
"  true. Always watch the construction close...esp the change orders amp; field slips. So true  I'm impressed!
   Thank you.
"  Thoughts on Obama pledging 7B US $$ "to unleash the power of entrepreneurship.. in Africa??"   Crazy!
"  What would be better than you buying an NBA team and beating Cuban's team on a regular basis?  Who cares?
"  why you hate  so much?"  I don't hate him at all.
"  You were right back in January when you said Boeing was the stock to buy..."  Thank you!
Every penny of the $7 billion going to Africa as per Obama will be stolen - corruption is rampant!
19 firefighters killed in Arizona - terrible tragedy!
"  going to New York for first time in November.Any recommendations which hotel to stay?"  Trump Int.-1 CPW.
" Getting ready to watch  on  #SmartGuy"       Will be on 7 A.M.
Edward Snowden is absolutely killing the the U.S. with other countries!
" .  Africa can solve its own problems with stronger institutions less corruption amp; impunity" Ohhh
"  here is a novel idea. How about using that 7 billion to take care of our own country."   PERFECTLY STATED!
Fox and.Friends now!
Via WSOC_TV: "Donald Trump's son says family thinking about expanding in uptown Charlotte"  Great job  I'll bet he was!
Our thoughts and prayers are w the families of the 19 brave firefighters who died fighting the Arizona wildfire. God bless them.
Via  "Donald Trump: I Can Fix America"  in beautiful Briarcliff NY  features a 7291 yard course just 25 minutes outside NYC  protesting in Egypt for Morsis ouster  When will Obama demand Morsis resignation as he did to Mubarak
Congratulations to  on joining  on  Crossfire. Show will be excellent!
"Trump: 'Terrible traitor' Snowden embarrassing US"   via  by  should be concerned about the American worker amp; invest here. Not grant amnesty to illegals or waste $7B in Africa.
Yesterday Obama compared Nelson Mandela to George Washington in Africa. Do you think he really believes it?
"You have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life." - Think Big
" " "You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something sometime in your life." - Churchill""
"  is a no nonsense man he means what he says and does what he intends and sets out to do. I'm a fan of great
 I would stop paying him immediately.
 Thank you!
Trump Puerto Rico is 1st development in Puerto Rico to combine lavish residences world class golf amp; a beach  protests are 10 times larger than 2011 anti-Mubarek protests. Interesting.
Snowden if youre such a hero then come back home and face justice.  In reality you are just another wiseguy traitor.
I dont know Dennis Kozlowski who made Tyco into a great company amp; then went to prison but hes up for parolelet him go!
Instead of attacking me Ashish J. Thakkar should worry about the culture of corruption plaguing Uganda  am honored to be receiving the American Spectator Foundation Award for excellence in entrepreneurialism in Washington DC this fall.
. are making a big mistake sending the doping  to rehab assignment. Should suspend him until investigation is over.
. has continually degraded  Catholic Church on the joke he calls a show  Catholics should boycott HBO.
Get in. Get it done. Get it done right. Get out.  My father Fred C. Trump
You have to have a good reason for doing what youre doing because people connect with the why.  Midas Touch
Having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. Our ego gives us a sense of purpose.  Think Like a Champion
"Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work." - Aristotle
"  I am a new independent business owner with ACN and just watched the interview with Darren Hardy...awesome
"  To quote your own father is awesome and he is oh so right! Thank you Fred"  My father was a great guy and teacher
" RT  "Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work." - Aristotle!
" Really  are you sure "Every penny of the $7 billion going to Africa as per Obama will be stolen". Just 97.
"  Trump for President!!! XoSM mosscreativemediagroup"  Thank you Susan!
   So true!
" Is it true  " Ugandan mogul Ashish Thakkar says that Donald Trump is ignorant about Africa"  I'm right!
" " Ugandan mogul Ashish Thakkar says that Donald Trump is ignorant about Africa" Wrong if anything it's worse than I say
   Thank you:-)
  Good idea will create one.
"  how much money did Fred leave u to start ur empire?" A small fraction of what I've created and built!
"  is a fucking genius."   TRUE!
   That's great!
   Wrong!
   Will they pay us for the help-they have plenty of money (oil).
"  welp. mr trump you won't respond to me so I'm gonna just try to talk to richer people than you.Aren't many!
"  EVERY penny I live in South Africa they steal EVERYTHING and ANYTHING!"
"  What is the best way to grow money when not starting with much?"  Marry a rich person!
"  are you in Aberdeen just now? How is the course looking?"  Fantastic!
"  where will Dwight Howard sign? Will he join your pal   The best fit for him would be Houston!
   Thanks!
"  Saw editorial on TV. Forcing whites out of their properties amp; throwing them into the streets with nothing."
"  my lives less than a mile don't the road he and all of balmedie are big fans #fact2 #kingtrump" Thanks.
"  if u don't run for President who would be ur best next choice ??? #CONCERNED"  Lets see how it plays out.
Oil prices just went over $100 per barrel for first time in nine months!
Wow Obama Care just got delayed by over a year because it is so complicated it cannot be understood - the beginning of the end!
"  Wish you would host Apprentice UK! Be great to see a REAL business genius rather than a dull grumpy grey one
He would be crazy to play in L.A. - really bad coach who can't adjust to his players!
"  When will we every catch a break ?"  Only with new and smart leadership!
Nice article on Trump Links at Ferry Point in today's New York Post - the construction is going really well!
I just arrived in Miami where I will be checking out construction of the brand new Trump National Doral - always closely watch construction!
 You're right it's beautiful--thanks!
Via  "Trumps links getting green"  2011 I said that Mubarak never should have been ousted because whoever replaces him will be worse.  Obama made a mistake.
Stop and frisk works.  Instead of criticizing  Chief Ray Kelly New Yorkers should be thanking him for keeping NY safe.
Obama-Putin Moscow meeting on 9.3-4  On the agenda 2013 Trump  Pageant in Moscow on 11.9 on  trade deficit just jumped in May to the second-highest level on record   FAIR trade not free trade. I TOLD YOU.
   So true!
" #iHateTheFactThat  serves #sharkfinsoup and  could be a hero and stop it!  You like sharks?
" Why would  ever choose  to discuss the industrial revolution. #facepalm"  Because they are smart!
"  any memory of you and Tower Records founder Russ Solomon? A good guy and fine tenant.
Leaving Miami-Trump National Doral will be GREAT!
"  how's progress on the Scottish golf course coming along? #interested"  Finished and great.
Sorry folks I'm just not a fan of sharks - and don't worry they will be around long after we are gone.
Sharks are last on my list - other than perhaps the losers and haters of the World!
"  U R RICH because your #DADDY left U with 400 Million. I only wish my daddy left me 400M loser-Now over 10B
"  where we going???"  If our leaders don't get nuclear weapons under control the sharks won't have us to eat!
" Honestly ---gt;  is a model to follow when it comes to the business world"  Thank you!
  Then why do you follow me like a little puppy moron?
" "Judge orders Miss Pennsylvania to pay Donald Trump $5M in defamation case.   hits.
"  I agree...But what have you done lately?"  More than ever before!
"   Fuck yeah! She SHOULD have to pay!"  She said some really bad and stupid things.
"   I'm pretty sure it was like 10M. To turn that into 10B clearly shows he's good!
My son  and  just announced their engagement. Great news! A wonderful couple!
"  What's one advice you'd give to an aspiring entrepreneur?"  Work hard and love what you do-never give up!
"   And if you love what you do it doesn't feel like work!"  100 true-it's like a vacation!
"  Thats such a clich!! You can do better than that!"  But it is so true and will never change.
"  any advise for battered Paula dean? Her ship has been sinking .." She must get back to work amp; stop apologizing!
" one of my all time favorite episodes of Fresh Prince is the one with  #classic   How do you keep energy high amp; positive mind when it feels like you're failing in business?" Never think failure
The "Arab Spring" is not working out so well-nice name bad results!
"  I just find it hilarious how you screwed Gaddafi."  Too bad our Country can't do the same!
   Thank you!
   But Paula handled it very poorly!
"  pitiful  Windmills are horrendous-the people of Scotland hate them!
" A bottle of wine reading  :Art of the Deal jamming Jay Z ....Perfect night!"  Very cute!
"   Mr Donald Trump is one of the most intelligent business men alive.  Thank you!
"  How important do you think college is? Especially during these times.."  Very important
"   Good timing for Paula Dean to go public and lots of lawsuits. Where's her lawyer? Asleep?"  ASLEEP!
"  any idea where Dwight Howard is going?"  He will.do best in Houston!
To all of those who asked I predicted two weeks ago and again last night that Dwight Howard would go to Houston.Do I get congrats-insight?
Dwight Howard just signed with Houston.
"  you are a very handsome man"   I know but the haters and losers never give me credit for that! Too bad.
"  everyone knew he was going to Houston - Bullshit loser most thought Lakers or Dallas!
   Great!
"  You have a cunty demeanor."  True!
" . literally everyone knew that since the playoffs started."  Wrong!
   Thanks Christine very nice!
"   Donald stick to business and politics."  I will!
"  what Trump landmark can I take my 8 year old to in NYC for his first visit? #bigtrumpfan"  Trump Tower5th Ave
"  why would Howard ever want to play for the loser owner Cuban ?"  I guess he didn't!
"  When are you going to buy a pro sports team?"  Too many other things to do!
"  Donald Trump the only man that can be President and make this Country turn a profit for once. Go Trump!
"  should run for president. He'd have my vote. "  Thanks
For all of those that were hoping I was wrong and this is a very unimportant subject to me Dwight Howard just officially announced Houston
  Thank you Becca.
"  you are Never wrong?  Never!
"  Was his decision influenced by the No State Tax in Texas?"  Didn't hurt!
"   did u hear about the white throated pintails demise at the hands of the wind turbine?  Yes
    Thanks-a great place!
   Thanks Craig.
"  I'm in Charlottesville where is your winery?"  Right nearby - just ask directions.
"  any prediction if the NYY will be in 1st again?"  No they will not!
"  Im begging.... Please run for President and fix this mess.."--and it can be fixed thanks.
"  Monnin was given an opportunity I'd give anything to have and in exchange she went for the cheap shot! True.
     So true!
"  Imagine if we all became masters  having fun while getting things done?"
"  You are awesome and hopefully enough people realize it when it's time to vote. #Trump2016"  Thank you!
"  up before 7 on a Saturday. That's why you're a winner."  Thanks but.much more because of the.brain!
"  doesn't show enough compassion to ever really be considered a presidential candidate.  I have GREAT comp'--
"  my grandaughter stacey7 is ill with cancer need to raise 500k pls rd hlp amp; rt    Please run for President America needs you and your leadership. I believe you can restore this Country!
"  you are such a role model for me! You're the best Mr. Trump. Thank you!
"   Amazing time in NYC best city in the world with the best hotel! U made our trip!.. Great.
Just heard that the great Golf Week Magazine named my Trump International Golf Course-Scotland The Best Modern Day Golf Course In The World!
 - Thank you for Trump Scotland honor!
"  if you were to become president could you make this country financially successful?  Absolutely!
"  what do you think of the recent job numbers suggesting the economy is back on track?"  False hope.
"   What r u waiting for ?U got my vote ! God knows we need someone to get in there amp; fix it!"Thanks
Would seem that plane landed short of runway in San Francisco!
"  In my opinion you have a duty to run for president in 2016 - our country needs you!  We sure need somebody-FAST!
"  if a democrat did a great job as president would you admit it?"   Yes!
"  I would vote for you in a second. Great American that would get this country back on track."  Thank you.
" RT  "  In my opinion you have a duty to run for president in 2016.
" I wonder if  is going to make any more plane crash jokes? What are you talking about-I never made a joke.
" Just bought  's SUCCESS from Macy's and brought it to Costa Rica. Fantastic product. Go get them!
Anderson Silva just got knocked out by new champion Chris Weidman! Congrats to Chris.
   True and thanks!
"  picked up my 7th Trump tie today!!"  GREAT!
   Fantastic job by  a true champion who showed tremendous courage and determination!  AMAZING
"  Sept 9 2013...who will be first? I am sure  could be on that list" Arsenio will choose!
"  thank you for your investment in the UK Mr trump"  Thank you!
   Yeah blame me moron!
"  why don't you invest in the USA since you're the greatest Patriot?"  I do big league!
"   Trump Chicago New York Miami Vegas and the list goes on and on"  Thanks!
    Thank you.
Besides an award winning golf course  features exquisite estates on top the Palos Verdes Peninsula  anticipation of ObamaCare part-time jobs are surging amp; full-time jobs are falling and becoming scarce  You are probably correct I am too honest to be a good politician!
Isnt it ironic that a lot of the wealthy environmentalists use private jets and fight wind farms being placed near their property?
  Thanks.
We should not cut any aid to Egypt.  Their country is in chaos and now they must form a normal civil government.
Via   by  EXCLUSIVE: NEVER-AIRED 'APPRENTICE' PARODY OF TRUMP FIRING OBAMA  The Art of the Deal is a good start.
"If you think big you will encounter big setbacks from time to time. What really matters is how you respond to them." - Think Big
  Thanks.
 True.
  Great!
  Thanks--has been great for Scotland.
  Thanks!
 We built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world...bringing business to Scotland.
 True!
"Remember that things are cyclical so be resilient be patient be creative and remain positive." - Think Like a Champion
  Thanks.
"The pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity and the optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty." - Pres. Lincoln
 Thank you.
 She was great!
 True and thanks!
  I did a great thing for Scotland!
  True and thanks.
 Thank you!
"  any word on if Celeb Apprentice is coming back for 7th season? Please give us the good news."   YES!
Based on John Sweeney's lousy reputation we are airing large parts of the interview that were not shown- enjoy!  not mentioned that we built one of the great golf courses in the world- bringing tremendous business to Scotland.   Please run for president Mr. Trump! The phonies will run the other way!"  Interesting!
"  I'm staying at the Trump hotel in Vegas this week. Let me just say it is amazing! I love it!"  Thanks!
"  the course is magnificent DT ! You can't stop progress!!"
" I aspire to be like  The man is a genius."  True but thanks!
"  Donnie how does Trump compare to Cosmo in Vegas #AskDonnie"   Far superior!
"   and an awesome restaurant!"  Thanks.
"  Don Trump is Gods gift to America"  Thanks Bob.
"  Agree stop have a dig a DonaldJTrump and instead  Is to blame" Greatest course was built!
"  - oh wow that course is beautiful"  Thanks.
  Thank you!
   You said you are "tired" - say the rest that you're lazy and dumb!
Be sure to check out the new projects   Giving away money!
A failure or setback is not a defeat. Defeat is a state of mind. You are defeated only when you accept defeat.  Think Big
With Spitzer amp; Anthony Weiner running for office New York  is pervert central!  Pathetic
Too bad  did not allow her interview with   to go on another few minuteswould have been interesting
Trump Organization's first project in India Trump Towers Pune will epitomize inspired living and timeless elegance  don't necessarily need the best location. What you need is the best deal.  The Art of The Deal
Its Tuesday.  How much money will Karl Rove waste today trying to push amnesty through the House?
Pakistani intelligence had full knowledge that Bin Laden was living in Abbottabad.  They were sheltering him.
Must read editorial co-written by  editor William Kristol amp;  editor  Kill the Bill  never quit and quitters never win. - Vince Lombardi
. Magazine should definitely pick David Pecker to run things over there - he'd make it exciting and win awards!
What took investigators so long to interview the pilots of Asiana San Fran crash?  WHY NO DRUG TESTS FOR PILOTS-they were really "off".
The San Fran crash was totally the pilot's fault - may be too late for drug testing RIDICULOUS!
   Thanks it has been amazing!
It probably was not drugs that caused the San Fran crash but why aren't they testing - who knows?
"  my dad played the new Scotland course today left me a vm "put the Trump course on your list must play.""
"  um... How the hell do YOU know???"  Because I'm very smart dummy!
"    Mr Trump pilots fault or the airlines for lack of training ?  Probably both!
"  _ He's a foreign pilot. We couldn't drug test him even if we wanted to!"  You must be kidding!
"  Just what I needed to hear. Love to be a follower of  You're amazing Mr Trump!"  Thanks.
" . You know so much about so many things - a true Renaissance Man. #TrumpIn2016"  So true!  -  thanks.
"  How "on" do you expect pilots to be after crashing a plane?"  Who cares they caused the crash!
"  at least u give a honest opinion Mr trump"   and correct!
"  please run in 2016! You'd be perfect for America!"  Thanks!
"  all accidents should require a drug test."  True!
"  I'd vote for Mr.Trump every time"
"  we expect you to have some more investments in TurkeyIstanbul Mr. Trump."  Love Istanbul!
" I've got so much love for   So nice thank you!
"  Just went on a spree at Macy's four of your fantastic ties and a pinstripe shirt. Great stuff love it!
   You are correct Eliana!
"  My only wish in life is a follow back or a tweet from you. Your my idol my inspiration!"  Have fun!
"  your book's doing well in the UK mate."   Thanks.
" Putting on the  tie is an essential to my morning routine"   That's great!
"  I cherish your boldness and confidence.....Indeed you are a blessing to your generation......love you sir" X
"  who is your inspiration?"   My father!
Eliot Spitzer was a horrible Governor and A.G. who ruined many good people and cost the Country billions of dollars in losses (and jobs).
Spitzer never made 10 cents on his own-he worked for his very rich father (a friend of mine who never thought much of Eliot as a businessman
"   Reading The Donald Tweets and wise words are essential to my morning routine. #Greatest"  Thanks M.
With the two wacko perverts--Spitzer and Weiner--NYC politics has become a joke all over the world.
 Thanks.
 Thanks!
 BBC is a scandal ridden wasteland--a one sided piece of garbage!
 Thanks.
THE HILLS TWITTER ROOM: Trump: Spitzer Weiner turning New York into pervert central   reading The Art of the Deal again. Excellent revisit"  Great!
" It was great to meet NYC icons  and  today! #nyc   Great meeting you!
Trump International Hotel amp; Tower Vancouver will include Vancouvers first pool bar nightclub amp; Trump Spa  visited me at  what a great guy!  Great!
 Thanks.
Looking forward to a press conference  today about  on  movie project #roadhard  news that  will be joining   Elisabeth is a tremendous person and will be missed on  to Gretchen Carlson on her big move to hosting an afternoon solo show this fall on  is a very brave woman who caught her father's killer   She visited Ivanka amp; me at Trump Tower today.
Must read  article by Jeffrey Lord: The Ruling Class Liberty Medal  Happy Birthday.
via   Donald Trump announces launch of his first Indian project in Pune  last time a Democrat succeeded a two-term Democratic pres. was in 1836 when Martin Van Buren succeeded Andrew Jackson.
Getting rid of the mortgage interest deduction would be a disaster for homeowners who have suffered enough!
Just as I predicted ObamaCare is a complete disaster which is failing on its own. May never be fully implemented.
Why should ObamaCare be delayed for businesses and not working families?  With premiums rising at record levels it is not equitable.
A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Lying traitor Snowden now claims that he did not give any information to the Russians or Chinese.  Why doesnt he come home then?
Derek Jeters rehab assignment is progressing on schedule. He's a true  captain. Look forward to seeing him back on the field
Do not view any failure as the end. Learn your lessons quickly then move on. Do not dwell on failure. Start thinking big again.
"  It's time for Trump Care! Trump in 16! Save our country!"  Our Country needs help and leadership fast.
Snowden has given serious information to China and Russia-anyone who thinks otherwise is a dope! He is a traitor who fled-he knew the crime!
"  has the realest tweets out there. The man in a great American and if your not following him your missing out.
"  we share a birthday June 14 how about a RT for a huge fan and admirer"
" I thought  was a closer... #guessnot I think I'll be listening to  he's a closer"
"  Spitzer thinks since Wiener did it - so can he. I hope the good citizens of NYC show both the door.
"  gotta love The Donald"  Thank you Melinda!
"  Plays a huge role in what kind of a business man I would love to be.I respect him and look up to him.
    Thanks it will be great.
" The best birthday present would be a RT from the  2016"
   Thank you.
. record $200M renovations are on schedule. The hotel remains open for guests events and conferences.  estate is at the core of almost every business and it's certainly at the core of most people's wealth.  Think Like a Billionaire
Action is the foundational key to all success. - Pablo Picasso
Via CBSWashDC: 114-Year-Old DC Building a Step Closer to Becoming Trumps Latest Hotel  Menie golf resort enjoys bumper first year"  via  has a part to play in your life and in your business  so give it a chance to work.  Think Like a Champion
A woman is suing one of my businesses despite the fact that she loved her classes. Our legal system is a mess. Watch-    Thanks!
   True and thanks!
"   Played the course in May and it's the best course I've played on. Incredible and an absolute joy."
" New Trump International Scotland was better than advertised.Thanks  It amp; Royal Dornoch gems.
   Thanks!
"  Go vote and support  at   That sounds cool!!!
"  Managed to play some rounds at your course in Scotland. Possibly the best course I've played. Great job Don."
"  your staff couldn't have been better. Absolute pleasure. Thank you."  Great!
"  I took a drive to Trump Scotland last week- what an incredible course your built. Good work Trump!"  T
" Next time your in Scotland can we go knock down some windmills ?   and save the birds!
"    Amazing Beautiful Place!!"  Thanks!
"  craig ferguson called you a bad person the other day? what is your opinion of him?"  Who is Craig Ferguson?
"  you're awesome."  I like you toooo-thanks!
   True!
"  Can I get a hello from a UK (England) fan?"  Hello!
"  what was your bank account lookin like at age 24?"  Not too great!
"  I went to Trump Scotland last week and a gopher sexually assaulted my wife. After you bet she loved it!
   Interesting.
"  Sugar is so untalented!"  True but he makes me money!
"   You use leverage better than anyone!"  That's what they say!
   Thanks.
"  It's time for your  return!!! When will you make it happen?"  Ask Vince we have the all time record!
"  You are a tough #SOB but you have been a game-changer for years. Much respect. Thank you !
"  UK's apprentice is so below par. Sugar is boring to watch. Watch the US version for the real deal.TRUMP!"
   Thanks.
   Wow!
"   stop fibbing trump you have nothing to do with uk show. Ur name Isn't on the credits!" Just profits
"   didn't you have some apartments in Cincinnati at 24?"  Yes.
"  thanks for the books you've written inspires me to take some risks and think big!!"  Great.
" When they ask me... Who is your role model? I proudly tell them its Mr  Sir what u have achieved is a dream. T
"  how come u only reply to compliments?"  Because I like nice people far better than the losers and haters.
"  Can i get a hello for all the Canadians down in Ottawa Ontario ?"  Hello Umer you sound like a great guy!
"  Your books especially The Art of the Deal are masterpieces in business literature. I'm a fan sir. Thanks.
"  hey bring miss universe back to brazil again!"  That will happen next up Moscow-November 9.
"  are there plans to bring miss universe in Manila Philippines soon?"  Could happen great place to be!
"  you give me great motivation Mr Trump! You have done amazing things over the years! Now I'm on my way to the top
"  Would you ever return to Toronto? You're very much respected by all over here (including myself)" Great City
Russia should hand over Snowden to the U.S. but they are having too much fun taunting our leaders.
I wonder if traitor Edward Snowden will be attending the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow on November 9th.
"  would the US hand a russian over in similar circumstances?"  With ease and get nothing for it!
"  Agreed but why are you up so early. Hopefully because you're playing golf like me this morning"  Correct!
Perhaps Miss USA can lure Snowden back?
"  I bet the Russian leaders wouldn't taunt you...just sayin'"  They would not!
   Good luck!
"  is getting married today and he's a huge fan! Can you give him a RT to celebrate?  Good luck!
" " Perhaps Miss USA can lure Snowden back?" -with her beauty for sure she will    Oh my gosh that is so sexist ...just confirmed those pageants are solely for looks."  Isn't that terrible!
"   love  for my mom's birthday!!   The best in Virginia!
"  upcoming Miss Universe location - Singapore -- I'm calling it now"  That could happen!
"  I wonder if traitor Edward Snowden will be attending the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow on November 9th
I would invite Edward Snowden to be a judge at the Miss Universe Pageant in Moscow but would be concerned that he would sell results early!
Spitzer failed as A.G. failed as Governor in disgrace and was fired on all T.V. shows (boring and zero ratings) and he's at it again!
" I've finally unfollowed   I doubt it loser but if so you'll be back because you're lonely amp; admire genius!
"  --- Call Rosie O'Donnell to help you."She can't help herself - she's sad angry and pathetic!
"  Would it kill you to have a little humility now and then?"  Probably!
"  1 of the smartest people ever..business ICON"  Thanks.
" Can't wait to hear  speak at the PGA Jr. Championship in a couple weeks at his course in Washington DC!  Great.
"   Agree about Rosie. Sad because she is very talented."  Actually she has got no talent at all-ZERO!
" It truly makes my day to read  's tweet responses"
"   gt;Im a woman...and I better see beauty at a beauty pageant!
"  how much money do u give to charity every year ???"  Lots!
" If you don't follow  you should probably just go home."
   Thanks.
Zimmerman is no angel but the lack of evidence and the concept of self-defense especially in Florida law gave the jury little other choice
 Thanks Helen
" Who would have guessed that  would be the smartest person on my news feed right now" I was always the smartest!
"  i hate you with a passion but i agree with you on the zimmerman case"  Thank you for being so nice!
"  first time I have ever agreed with you"  You must be kidding!
"  wisest of all reporters "  Thank you!
"  I don't understand why people hate you. It's crazy to me. People should look up to you." They do!
"  the haters are just jelous because they are not successful like you"  The haters are losers with no guts!
"  you just won a bleeding heart liberal's respect with that tweet."  Great news!
"  It's late EST. Having a hard time sleeping? Ur Zimmerman comment was the most intelligent I've seen yet"
"  Run for president we need someone to stand up china and Russia. They laugh at us now." They do laugh!
"   has turned the USA into a laughing stock around the world."
"  is a damn GENIUS !" Thank you.
"  The Donald... do you sleep?? Sincerely. ..Oklahoma"  Not much.
"  america is falling apart! we need you"  True and true.
"  youre awesome!!!"  Thanks.
"  hey I really love you and you're awesome"  Thanks Lucy.
"  I wanna do naughty things to u"  Emelie behave I am not Eliot Spitzer.
"  Ross Perot had the right idea but not your brains or balls Mr Trump."
"  how did you like espn 3030 on USFL?"  A total piece of garbage by a third rate producer who hated DJT.
"   Brilliant answer! I think it's the best tweet I have ever read."
"  I'm a small business owner in nj..not easy but you inspire me to try harder and be successful.. thank you.."
"  I find myself respecting you more everyday!! 2016?"  Thank you.
" Love him or hate him you have to admire his genius and candor  #keepingitreal."  Thank you.
"  I'm hoping the history books read "Donald Trump led America out of it's darkest times". Wow very nice!
"  the people that don' t like you just wish they were you! I adore you and your beautiful family!"  Thanks L.
"  is my favourite person on twitter."Thank you-my honor!
" Went into your hotel on 5th avenue today it's amazing. #nicejob  Thanks.
"  finally someone tells it how it is. Agree with you 100"
My  int. on the Zimmerman trial amp; verdict courage of the jury and reactions!   "Donald Trump Comments on a Return to Wrestling"  NYC needs is the mentally unstable Elliot Spitzer in office again.
Eliot Spitzers illegal frivolous amp; over reaching harassment of Hank Greenberg at AIG played a major part in 2008 financial meltdown.
Be careful  sexting pervert Anthony Weiner is upping his campaigning.  When will new pictures be released?
Ready to get mad?! We are sending foreign aid to China our greatest threat  We are financing our enemy.
ObamaCare will cost 3 times as much as Obama promised  $2.6T  It is not sustainable. (ht  A-Rod doesnt even show up to his single-A rehab games.  Maybe the  will get lucky and  will suspend A-Rod.
Learn work and think in equal proportions and youll be going in the right direction.  Think Like a Champion
Obama will eventually approve the Keystone XL pipeline--has to happen but it is very late!
"  I wake up ever day and go to work and pray for this country to get back on track. Wish you would run!
"  please don't tease us again..run in 2016.....PLEASE"  I never tease--but thanks!
"  on Monday mornings is my favorite because of   They are great people!
"  Who's your Home Run Derby winner?"  Perhaps Davis!
 Yes Danielle a great chance.
"  Your buildings were used in Tower Heist amp; The Dark Knight Rises are they in any other movies?"  Many!
A brand is not a logo. A brand is the promise you put out there and the experience you deliver.  Midas Touch
Just found out that at a charity auction of celebrity portraits in E. Hampton my portrait by artist William Quigley topped  list at $60K
I am not available to be in  new movie #RoadHard.bit.lyroadhardmovie
Because I will be busy doing anything other than being in the movie #RoadHard.  a great time on  this morning.
Via  by  "Trump Tees Up Another 'Hole in One' in Scotland"  Zimmerman Trial 'Traumatic Period for Country'"   Good luck.
 Thank you!
  Thank you.
 Great and thanks.
 Thanks.
Most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top  and then work even harder to stay there. -Think Big
Consumer prices rose in June due to OPEC  OPEC continues to rip off hard working American families daily.
.  "Midas Touch is the manual for entrepreneurs who want to succeed. Thanks for sharing your knowledge"
Do whatever it takes to improve your public-speaking skills. Youll absolutely need them.  Midas Touch
Traitor Snowden has requested asylum in Russia.  Why would Russia grant it?  Snowden already gave them all the intel he stole!
  Interesting!
 Do not give up--you will make it!
                       "Think Like a Billionaire. By:  A Must-Read.  Great!
 Perhaps. Pray for great leadership!
 I promise.
 True!
Weiner and Spitzer are on top of the latest polls.  A sad day for the greatest city on earth! They will spend lots of time together.
 Don't be a fool.
                     " please save our country before its too late!! President Trump sounds perfect" Thanks.
 Thanks.
"  Love your ties at Macy's. Receive many compliments." -- Thanks they are amazing!
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. - Muhammad Ali
Give a lot of credit to Carlos Beltran for developing into a terrific baseball player and total winner for the Cardinals-great going Carlos!
"   Run!!! Or this country will turn out like ancient Rome!"  Perhaps so not good!
 Thanks!
"  now after that home run derby performance... Who's your pick to win the all star game tonight?" American
   Interesting.
"    All red necks amp; bigots."  Actually very smart amp; a terrific public service-truth!
"   the man is a legend" Very nice!
"  Must be nice to be above it all and have no real life concerns. Please enjoy yourself while we worry."I wish
"  what do you think about Mike Trout?"  One of best young players EVER!
 Sad!
"  please run for president so we finally have a chance at living a normal life again. #TRUMP4PRES"
   Great job-you are a terrific player!
"  Give a lot of credit to Miguel Cabrera too.."  Totally.
"  How To get Rich. Incredible Book. im trying To Understand deeply That Book."
"  How does this make you feel? #BoycottRollingStone   Rolling Stone Magazine sucks!
"  every played Muirfield?and who's your pick for the Open?"Tiger Phil Ernie or Justin Rose.
"  mr trump would open up the keystone pipeline if he were prez bc he makes things happen. #trump2016"  True.
 Thanks.
American league wins!
"  Whose your MVP?"  Mariano.
" . Good to hear. That's what this article says too. Did you see this?   Yes really nice story!
" It seems like  #golf course in Scotland is getting great reviews! I really must go!  Great idea I will ask her!
" . . I will be watching . tomorrow. Tell him to keep the money coming my way!
"  my heroes are either  or   Mark is a great guy (and good golfer).
"  can I get a Happy 21st birthday wish from you? Huge fan of you and the Apprentice"
"Feeling sorry for yourself is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have."  Dale Carnegie
Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100 of your concentrated effort.
 Very nice question thank you Danny.
               " I just finished reading think like a champion I loved it..." Thanks and good luck.
 You will love it!
  I like being nice to people.
               " I read your book: "Trump 101 The Way to Success" and I absolutely love it." Thanks good luck!
"Trump Tees Up Another 'Hole in One' in Scotland"   It's the sense of achievement along the way.
         " - just finishing Midas Touch...Thank you so much for the great knowledge and wisdom in the book" Thx.
 Great thanks!
  Thanks.
  Good luck!
 Rolling Stone is just another dying magazine that sucks!
 My great honor!
   Thanks.
                 "Way to go  for the big donation to the #VAuction"  Thanks.
Mariano Rivera is one of top  of all time. Greatest closer of all time. A true warrior. Last night's MVP award well-deserved.
Fun fact for my 2M followers - the 'Architect' Karl Rove blew $400M in the 2012 election with a success rate of 1.6.
  Thank you.
 Have fun!
. has done a GREAT job as the architect of my new golf course at Ferry Point. NYC is very proud!
   Thanks.
  Many people agree!
Only in America can a Jihadi thug who murdered women and children be nursed back to health amp; then get a  cover.
The 2013 Trump  Pageant comes to Moscow on November 9th.  Airing from Crocus City Hall on  Erin Brady is doing a fantastic job representing Trump Miss USA.  Smart gorgeous--a really positive force!
.  is a resolute leader.  When he sets a red line it stands!
The Zimmerman trial is over.  It is time to move on.  While Zimmerman is no angel he was acquitted and should be able to move on.
"Sometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on opportunities" - Think Like a Champion
"  I hope you will include  as one of the judges for the upcoming Miss Universe 2013 in Moscow
"  so excited to see the Trump brand coming to vancouverCanada!! Gonna be awesome for our city!! Huge Welcome
"  - Your #Chicago tower really sparked a riverwalk revival! #ThankYou"  Thanks
"   If u hate Mr Trump why r u followingcommenting on him? I'm a big fan of his!!!"
"  What is your feeling about Rolling Stone magazine putting the bomber on the front cover? Boycott!
Sad thing is Rolling Stone was (is) a dead magazine with big downward circulation and now for them at last people are talking about it!
Don't talk about Rolling Stone Magazine but most importantly don't buy it. This degenerate killed and maimed so many wonderful people!
" It is sooo hot in New York today. Just walked past Trump Tower where the door was open. Tnx  Thank you D
Isn't it crazy that people of little or no talent or success can be so critical of those whose accomplishments are great with no retribution
" Hey  how come no #globalwarming #climatechange talk this week?" Heat 10 years ago was far worse!
"  how do you feel about the Rolling Stone Cover hitting stores this weekend?"  Boycott amp; cancel subscriptions.
"Enthusiasm is a vital element in individual success."  Conrad Hilton
"We all have the capability to read or sense what's happening with others. It can often give you the edge (cont)  is on your side; things do not continue downward forever." - Think Big
Why is the  congress focusing on amnesty when so many Americans are unemployed?
. congress needs to actually defund ObamaCare not waste time passing non-binding resolutions.
. " Does anyone actually read Rolling Stone anymore? Guess they had to create (cont)  My honor.
Go to  now to see the incredible new selection of Trump Signature Collection ties shirts and suits.
. " Conrad Hilton was a great man but Barron Hilton is a dope." Wrong on Barron!
Must watch  owner of a single restaurant anticipates that ObamaCare will cost over $1M for compliance  an award winning course designed by Tom Fazio Trump National Philadelphia is a 360 acre exclusive jewel  to  on winning Athlete of the Year in last nights  LeBron is also a great guy!
The Feds pumping is great news in the short term but it cant last forever.  Be prudent in your market investing.
                     " You have truly elevated this club to another level. We thank you!" Thanks!
 Thanks.
The most important political office is that of the private citizen. - Justice Louis D. Brandeis
 The Art of the Deal.
One thing Ive learned about the press is theyre always hungry for a good story the more sensational the better. - Art of the Deal
 Thanks--say hi to Mikey.
  Thanks.
Labor disgraces no man; unfortunately you occasionally find men who disgrace labor. - Gen. Ulysses S. Grant
I will be on  tonight interview with Bill O'Reilly on  at 8 p.m. repeated at 11 p.m.
  Thank you Joselyn.
Whether you love like or hate Donald Trump I will be on Bill O'Reilly (Fox) tonight at 8.00. Bill knows Trump is great for ratings!
For the disciples of global warming in 150 summers (years) there have been 20 heat waves as bad or worse than current-this has happened b4!
"  can all these people replying please explain why it was so cold last winter?"
On Bill O'Reilly in 5 minutes!
Re-run of O'Reilly on Fox NOW!
"I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to better than you ever thought you could be." - Ken Venturi
Be flexibly focused. Focus does not mean being narrow-minded or rigid.  Think Big
  Never Give Up gives an overview of projects amp; problems solved.
 The Art of the Deal is a good introduction.
"If you want to conquer fear don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy." - Dale Carnegie
In  No Spin Zone re: ObamaCare causing unemployment negotiating with China amp; my $5M court win  He was a great friend of mine--loyal guy.
                 " Sir your tweets are truly motivational! Thanks a lot" Thank you.
Ranked nationally in  top 100 Trump Int'l Golf Club in Palm Beach is a 27 hole masterpiece  radio show is a great addition to talk radio. She is sharp talented amp; great sense of humor. Congratulations.
Detroit is going through very hard times right now.. If they are smart brighter days are ahead.
 Could happen.
  Thanks.
.                     " Thank you for all your support of  Great new breakthroughs." Fantastic!
  Thanks.
  Thanks.
Some good news for New York  Weiner has dropped 12 points in the polls amp; that is before more of the perverts old texts are released.
Important editorial by John Faso in  Spitzers reckless leadership  GDP has been growing less than 2 for the last 5 years.  ObamaCare will slow us down even more.  Has to be repealed.
Great read by  Mexico's Hypocrisy Is Evident In Its Own Strict Policy Toward Immigrants  with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision.  Think Big
"  Sir your tweets are the best tweets really inspiring I love them"  Thank you!
"  I think you are great. Can't wait for Celebrity Apprentice starts again! Best show on TV!"  Thanks!
"  Gotta say #Apprentice is the only reality show I never miss! Consistently flawless programming"  Thanks.
"  Please run for president.. We need a true leader... This country needs a Trump makeover."
"   jealous of his success ?"  Sean don't waste your time on these losers-they have nothing going!
" Need more people like  in this country who get the job done and don't sugar coat things."
"  Hey Donald we love you in Florida!"  Florida is great!
" When  speaks people should listen."  Thanks.
"  You're my role model ever since 6th grade" .Work hard Clay.
The ties shirts and suits at Macy's are doing fantastically well-check out the new designs and low prices-nothing better!
Also The Donald J. Trump Signature mattress from SERTA is doing record business-call Serta and see why!
" I hope  runs for president he is what our country needs to get or economy going"  Thanks!
"  You are awesome! Cant wait for next season of celebrity apprentice.hope you run for president in 2016" Thanks!
   Yes!
"  I LOVE YOU"  Thanks and keep up the great work-on to Moscow.
" I'll be old enough to vote during the next presidential election...and I really hope that  is on the ballot.
" Why  isn't sitting in the Oval Office now is a mystery to me."
Will be on Fox amp; Friends in 3 minutes-7.00 A.M.
   A terrible situation.
"  I won't wear anything else! You have to look successful to be successful! Thanks for the awesome line!"
"  They put U on SO EARLY! Shows disrespect!"  No 7.00 is the best time for morning television.
"  Morning Donald from Texas The Longhorn State. God Bless You."  Texas is GREAT!
"   anytime the Donald is on is the best time for television"  Thanks.
"  #theartofthedeal changed my life. Thank you."  Great.
Apple is finally considering a large screen for the I-Phone-they better get moving fast. When I told them to do this last year they scoffed
China is building 50 brand new airports while our country continues to rott! Very sad.
500 of the most vicious prisoners escaped from an Iraq prison today. That country is a time bomb waiting to happen-a total corrupt mess!
China is taking the oil from Iraq after we spent 1.5 trillion dollars and thousands of lives for their "freedom". Our leaders are so stupid!
   True!
"  I've been to Shanghai airport and its amazing. We are 3rd world  no direction from our president. SAD"
"  Uhm weren't you one of the voices supporting Bush's invasion of Iraq?"  No
Baseball player Ryan Braun turned out to be a total con man after so vociferously proclaiming his innocence only to be guilty as.hell!
"  plz run for prez!!! You would win!!!"  Thanks for the confidence!
Word is that they have far more evidence on A-Rod than they have on Ryan Braun! Alex is over.
"Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character." --Albert Einstein
If you've got some problems today that's a good sign--that's life. So give them some thought and make the most of the situation.
   Happy Anniversary Heidi!
  Thanks.
ginrnnr2                    " ...is China economy in a "bubble"?"  Only if we want it to be!
 Happy Birthday!
        " I'll say it again your tweets are very motivational amp; inspiring. Thank you so much" Thank you.
70 stories over Panama Bay  is the countrys first five star development.  A masterpiece  bankruptcy could just be the start  Many municipalities across US are over-leveraged amp; losing citizens
No surprise serial sexter Anthony continues to be a sick pervert. He was sexting a 'young' girl last summer  Mickelsons final 66 round in  was amazing. Congrats on his well-deserved win. Amazing competitor amp; a great guy!
This is the summer of box office bombs.  Who is green lighting this garbage? The scripts are terrible.
Great read: Hollywood can kiss Adam Corolla's ass he's going Trump funding  via  Review Online: Kristin Davis's Libertarian 'Tough Love'  is back on the DL.  The coming suspension will be announced soon by  to  illegal immigrants favor Dems 8:1   pushing amnesty. Do they have death wish
To be a visionary and to be a billionaire you have to chase impossibilities. Few ever get rich easily.  Think Like a Billionaire
                   " Do you think Anthony Weiner deserves a 3rd chance?"  No.
  Citizen Kane Gone with the Wind The Good the Bad and the Ugly etc.
                " you date girls young enough to be your daughter.That's perverted" Dated. No that's talent.
                    " Visually the best golf course I have ever played! Trump international Golf Links." Thanks.
I will be on ON THE RECORD  tonight at 10 pm
"  what are your thoughts on Weiner's press conference?" Wiener is seriously sick and will never change!
As I told everyone once before Wiener is a sick puppy who will never change-100 of perverts go back to their ways. Sadly there is no cure
"  You have so much confidence. Have you always had it and what is your advice for trying to find my own" WIN!
"   I can't believe that in 1 week I heavily agree with you again....yikes!" Isn't it amazing?
"  people will someday listen to you"  I hope it's not too late!
   Not when you are running for Mayor!
"  You need to run in 2016!!!"  Thanks.
"  I'll be richer than you when I reach your age! #DreamBig"  GREAT go for it!
" All I'm asking is for  to tweet me."
Remember Anthony Wiener continued sending sick pics. long after his resignation from Congress and his apology-zero control over himself!
On Anthony Wiener I TOLD YOU SO!
"  going to watching Canadian Open this week?Maybe few tour players will visit Trump Toronto!"  Great!
"  are you building a Condo in Manila Philippines? If so should I invest?"  YES-YES.
"  Best Twitter Follow! Commentary logical amp; to the point !"  Thanks!
"  I mean really ... Weiner amp; Spitzer?!? What is New York coming to!!!! Talk about global embarrassment!
" I remember when  said #AnthonyWeiner would do this again! Love it!"
"  you for President!"  Thanks.
"   he could be blackmailed while in power to cover up this crap. That's why it's a big deal."
"  on the Fresh Prince!! Classic episode  Honestly  been one of my role models ever since I was 9 years old. I still look up to him and want to meet him"
"  get it right its carlos danger" Even the last name Wiener uses is sick!
" How about Eliot Spitzer? Will you say the same ? " On Anthony Wiener I TOLD YOU SO!"" Eliot is also sick!
"  I remember this episode. Hair still looks great!"
"  if only the world would listen to more of what you have to say everything would be better"
I am doing Greta tonight on Fox - talking about Obama Care and pervert Anthony Wiener!  10 P.M.
"  Can I get a RT for the Hatzahlah Charity Golf Outing tomorrow at Trump National Colts Neck?"
" Doing Greta tonight ... I bet her husband is pissed at you !  Yes but she is very happy!
"  every major city in the world has one of your buildings correct? The more I travel the more I see..."
"  Gotta give u credit about calling the weiner issue in advance" Thank you!
" wish they'd name the royal baby after   Great idea after having built the greatest golf course in the World!
"  How about the UK? Any expansion plans here? #thinkBig"  Yes big plans!
"  people are going to trash you even though you were right! Sickens me"  Thank you and Wiener will do it again!
"  You were very right about Weiner as always."
"   You have frequently been a great judge of character Very important for success in life" Thanks.
"  you are my hero"  Thank you!
"  I really do respect your views as a republican!"  Great.
"  your wisdom surpasses all representing this country! I pray you run!"  Thanks we can all use the prayers
" I want to be just like  when I grow up #loveyoudonald #trumpforpresident"  Go for it!
"  will prob state facts and people will get mad cause they can't handle the truth!"  So true!
"  Is NY so out of touch they would vote in Weiner?"  In this crazy World anything is possible!
" I wonder if I can get a birthday tweet from  for my birthday... that would be awesome!"
"  Is your war with  over with?"  Who is Danny Zuker?
"  any news on a new celebrity apprentice?"  Going forward as soon as I get the time to shoot!
"  Please help this widow who lost her Veteran husband. Please donate even if its a dollar.
"  Danny Zuker is irrelevant."  So true!
 Thanks.
"  Is your fued with  over?"  No it will never end but she has become totally irrelevant!
"  cant wait one of the best shows on tv"  It will be a great season with our best cast ever!
Greta in a few minutes-will be interesting!
   Just amazing!
" Why is  not running this country??? He is a genius and gets it."
" "He's a very sick puppy. He's got a perversion." -  pulling no punches re: Weiner (#GretaWire)"
"  Great interview Donald. Please run for President in 2016"
" "They don't have the incentive to move forward"- literally hit the nail on the head about welfare. #amen"
"  ...you always speak the truth!!! #nobulldonald!!!!"
"  : I know Anthony Weiner and he's a real sick puppy."
"  Wonderful job "On the Record"! I think you are tops!"
"  trump 2016 the only real public figure who knows how to fix this country!!"  True!
  Thsnk you.
"  we want you to run again in 2016! You'd be great with picking this country back up again"
"  Big fan Mr. Trump you're Howard's most honest guest. TRUMP 2016 !" Always fun to do Howard's show.
"  how is it even possible to recover from 17Trillion in debt?"  With GREAT.leadership it is easy!
"  SO!..... Are you running in 2016 or NO? We need you!!"
"    She agrees with you on Anthony Wiener aka Carlos Danger...We then agree on something
"   I bet if he were running this country we wouldn't be in this mess!!"True-great again!
"  #Trump2016 only one I can think of to fix this spending problem."
" I feel like the only people who hate  are people who can't handle the truth...he tells it how it is."
"  family is the US version of the Royal family!"   No but thank you so much!
  True!
Bloomberg News - Spain's renewable projects lead by money losing wind turbines facing bankruptcy. Hopefully Scotland is watching!
"  Will next  be #trumped? Only if Vince wants to break our ratings and pay-per-view record!
"  you are always on point with your comments! always real." Thank you Adam.
"  when will Charlotte see "Trump" as part of the skyline?"  Already have a great job there Trump National.
Vattenfall the promoter of the money losing wind farm plan in Aberdeen Scotland just took a loss of $4.6 billion after dumb European move
"  give me a good reason why I shouldn't unfollow you" Because you can't live without.me or my extreme knowledge!
"  Is it time for another season of Celebrity Apprentice yet?!"  Very soon!
"  the Wall Street Journal believes that China will over take the US in built assets by next year. Question.
"  well Vattenfall shoulda come to you for advice." They were too arrogant and too stupid-Aberdeen turbines=losers
"  do you honestly think you could run this country beyond the financial side of things?"  Absolutely!
"  if you were the President how long would it take for you to erase the U.S. Debt Deficit?"  Not very long!
"  I think you would make a great president of the United States because you are an amazing leader" Thank you!
"  What advice would you give to someone who is really addicted to alcohol???"  Tough deal but can be licked-AA.
" If  ran for president I would so support him!"Thanks Grady!
"  I wish I had your confidence!"  WIN WIN WIN and you will develop great confidence!
" Open up your LinkedIn account today and you may see this article about  W'68.   I really love reading your books. You should write more books!"  Thanks!
More and more reporters are using the word TRUMP when referring to winning--just used on Bloomberg News. Gee I wonder why?
Courage is being scared to death but saddling up anyway.- John Wayne
Watch the first #TrumpVine re: Anthony Weiner-  Long term goal gt;gt;gt; to be the black  4real".Great Dean and you will make it!
We all know that chess is a game of strategy. So is business. Think about that and develop a strategy starting today.
        " Great interview with Greta!  "America has lost incentive!" "  Thanks and true.
 Thanks.
  Thanks.
Why is  pursuing environment destroying windmills when  quit because of no (cont)  Obama will give another speech on the economy. Tomorrow our country will still be $17T in debt with 18 real unemployment.
                 " Please post a Daily #Vine saying 'Obama You're Fired'! Thank You!"
               "In love with The best book that i ever read !  "why we want you to be rich" and Robert kiyosaki"
My  int. on Obamas falling poll numbers Americans losing incentive to work and Weiners sexting  comment last March - Anthony Weiner is a sick pervert you think he will change? He will never change.  the sake of New York City all recent sexting victims of Anthony Carlos Danger Weiner should come forward.
I cant believe Apple isnt moving faster to create a larger iPhone screen. Bring back Steve Jobs!
Looking forward to my Iowa visit at   Summit   Big crowd!
Congrats to Senator McConnell and  Kellen Guida on yesterdays successful Tea Party Caucus  it sad that Weiners first press conference with wife Huma was yesterday admitting to a sext he made post-resignation amp; apology!
"Entrepreneurs are all unique. One way to build a business and turn it into a  brand is to know who you are." - Midas Touch
"  quick visit to best golf course in 'merica. When is ur next visit back to DC?   Great!
"  ten years ago we had steve jobs bob hope and johnny cash. now we have no jobs no cash and no hope."
"   if  is irrelevant why did you block him?  Because he is irrelevant (also boring)!
"  this is the best vine ever!!!   Thank you-another daily change to technology!
I've just started blocking out some of the repetitive and boring (amp; dumb) haters and losers. They are a waste of time and energy!
" "...other counties are looking at us as a laughingstock."  #Truth"
   Great!
"  and  need to run this country. It's not rocket science...ps can't wait to see Doral!
"  I've never liked Danny Zuker. Notice how he has a bunch of drones begging for jobs! He has no power over jobs
  Thanks.
"  that's because  IS THE MAN."  Thanks!
" "You have to get people wanting to work again and that's not what's happening in this country."  I feel like  is the only person on my tl that has common sense when it comes to the future of our country
There are no environments where you're only going to win because life just isn't like that. -  Bobby Orr
Mar-a-Lago is Floridas most lavish and exclusive private club and spa with world class amenities                        " reading The Midas Touch now what an amazing source of good information."  Thanks.
  True!
                    " also new products. they are going back to the pre steve jobs days." And I have stock
      " Wouldn't you agree that Apple is falling off without visionary Steve Jobs?" Yes.
Don't ever think you've done it all already or that you've done your best. That's a shortcut to undermining your own potential.
In beautiful Miami inspecting the progress of  $250 million conversion into the country's #1 resort.
"Trump: Weiner a 'Sick Puppy' That NYC Doesn't Need"  via  to think continentally. - Alexander Hamilton
Getting ready to leave  and the brand new Blue Monster course--it's unbelievable!
On the sands of Playa Brava waves will reflect on walls amp; circular architecture of Trump Tower Punta del Este  I feel like  is the only person on my tl that has common sense when it comes to the future of our country
"   Please help us achieve our goal and share the link. Thank you!"
" " Biggest name in real estate!  ICON!"Thanks!
The 250 million dollar construction of Trump Nationsl Doral is coming along great. Just left Miami where I toured entire project.AMAZING!
"  Can't wait to visit this location one day! Keep up the great work Mr. Trump!"  Thanks!
"  Cant wait for tourney next March always good to have you on with  before big tournament"
"  When will Dubai be complete?" Under construction now-completion in two years!
" " Courage is being scared to death but saddling up anyway.- John Wayne" Cant argue with the Duke."
"  Remember when you were in the music video "On Our Own" from #Ghostbusters II? That was awesome."  Yes!
"   Can't wait! What a beautiful project...you're amazing too Ivanka. "  So true!
"  #Scotland is so lovely I understand your love for it."
"  Do you think the rest of the country will eventually look like Detroit?  With bad leadership it could happen!
"  You are my biggest inspiration! All the way in Australia but I know you are a great American god bless" Thanks!
"  you are truly a man that anyone can look up to. I have the utmost respect for you a true and honest man. I try!
"  Will we ever see Trump run in 2016? #AskDonaldTrump"
"  Hey Donald is this actually you tweeting or just an assistant?"  ME!
"  is what happened to Detroit a good thing (long term) ??? It has been sliding for decades."  Incompetence
#TrumpVine A message for   pervert  idea of Hispanic outreach is using Carlos Danger as his sexting. Hes an insensitive racist.
The new reality  Chinas demand for oil now controls the market   And OPEC gets away with ripping us off at $105!
Druggie  is now scheming to sue the  He will go down as the biggest sports embarrassment of all time.
"  Mr. Trump can our country make it through 3 more years of this idiot in the WH?"  Will not be easy!
"  what do we have to do to get real leadership in our country?" Find greatness and push to victory!
"  what do you think the best major to study in college is?" Follow your dreams-study what you love!
The U.S. is now "begging" Russia to give back Edward Snowden. In a letter they promised no death penalty for the traitor. No respect!
   Thank you-work hard and good luck.
  They are laughing.
"  the real Q is how does the NSA justify using contractors whom have access to such sensitive data? So true
"  Got engaged at  . Staff has been amazing! Glad we could have our special day here. Beautiful!
"  when does Apprentice finish casting?" We are casting now-some great people!
"  #snowden not a traitor. Shared info with fellow Americans who have a right to know about NSA snooping" Bullshit
" Got word that Celebrity Apprentice has been picked up for another season! Its official!! Shooting next spring!
" "  quick visit to best golf course in 'merica. When is ur next visit back to DC?  Tuesday for PGA
"  Do you ever see the USA once again becoming a Manufacturing power?Only with new amp; capable leadership.
"  Derek Jeter what a return! He is the anti A-Rod great leader. Have you met him?" He is a Great guy!
"  what One Thing would it take for you to run for President in 2016?"  Great support!
"  The only reason I came to DC for my sister's golf tournament is to see Donald Trump speak at the dinner Thanks!
"    For the week # for Junior PGA Championship is #2103JuniorPGA at Trump DC
"  Really hoping NBC will officially announce renewal of show very soon! Apprentice is casting now-season 14.
"  When is #TrumpNationalDoral scheduled to b completed? Can't wait 2 see da choppa in March" Very soon!
"  is there anyone that loves you more than yourself?" Probably not!
"  there will come a day when everyone will say "we should have listened to Donald Trump." So true!
"  Ate the best steak of my life at your Trump Hotel in Waikiki Hawaii. Tremendous service and menu! Mahalo!"
"   with  as president USA will be back on top"  True!
"   You will get support but you have to be serious about it and you have to stay in the race."
"   Do you have someone you would trust to run your businesses while you were president?  My kids!
"  what advice do you have for an inspiring entrepreneur?" Come up with a great idea and then work your ass off
"   No I can't say I see it I don't see the U.S as a major player ever again. Thanks to Obama"Wrong
"  Donald speaks the truth but I guess thats a foriegn language to most of you guys!"
"  too wanna hear the truth? Listen to Donald trump it's that simple"
"  if Mr. Trump runs for president America will get back to beating china! Go trump!!"
 Thanks Colin.
"  ...It's Sunday night and I'm missing Celebrity Apprentice in a bad way! We start shooting in the Spring!
"   beating China and I'd just like to see someone that's in it for the good of the USA.  Great!
"  please tell me another apprentice is coming !!"  It is!
"   if u ran for President how will u get your ideas passed by senate amp; congress? It's leadership!
 The Art of the Deal!
"    What do you mean IF Donald ran!? If he doesn't run we're sunk."
 True!
"  I'm busy reading 'The Midas Touch' and its so inspiring! Thank you Donald Trump and Robert Kiyosaki."
Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it. There's nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface.
                     " Besides hard work what has made you such an enormous success?" I love what I do.
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing you'll be a success." - A. Schweitzer
 You can have a round on me!
                "a good 75 of  's tweets get favorited"   Great!
 Thanks.
  It will really be amazing when complete.
I'm at Trump National DC  watching the #2013JuniorPGA championship--fantastic young players!                 " I love your sayings..very inspirational..thank you"  Thanks.
Via   Donald Trump to Speak at The Family Leadership Summit  Get tix   Happy Birthday.
  Thanks!
Once you learn to quit it becomes a habit. - Vince Lombardi
                  " Donald out of all the resorts you own which do you consider the best?" I'd better not say!
               " What advice would you give  's wife Huma?" Take off!
 Wow--great! Thanks.
" RT  Once you learn to quit it becomes a habit. - Vince Lombardi"
" I got some  ties. The quality is unparalleled at that price point."
                " which one of your Trump courses is your favorite to play?" Hard to say--all are fantastic.
   Thanks!
Negotiation tip: Be patient be persistent be stubborn. Know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself.
Negotiation tip: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. Try to create a winwin situation.
 I love what I do. You have to have passion for your work in order to be successful. That's number one.
 The Art of the Deal is a good start.
Negotiation tip: Be reasonable amp; flexible. Being open to change could lead you into a fortunate situation and open the door to innovation.
The Golden Rule of Negotiating:  He who has the gold makes the rules.
"Trust in God and be true to yourself." Mary MacLeod Trump"Know everything you can about what you're doing." Fred C. Trump
  Thanks.
The best way out is always through. - Robert Frost
"Even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile  achievement." - Henry Ford
 Thank you so much Adam!
" When somebody challenges you fight back. Be brutal be tough. - Donald Trump"
" I know a lot but one thing I know is that I don't know everything.  Donald Trump"
" You have to have BIG ideas but you've got to have energy to get them done.  Donald Trump"
Without passion you don't have energy without energy you have nothing!
 Thanks Sonia.
 Justin it will be on in the Fall - the cast will be great!
"  dear sir... So can i ask. Hpw can i fuel my passion" Only by doing something that you love!
 Sorry Dopey I bought lots of Facebook Stock at 16.
   Thank you Andy!
Poll numbers have nosedived for pervert NYC mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner- good news for New York!
"  Whose worse weiner or arod?" Too close to call!
   Thanks.Eric.
"  that he even has any poll numbers is baffling."  True!
Congratulations to  on her big ratings win for the evening news. Diane is a spectacular person.
Looking forward to keynoting   Leadership Summit.  Tickets selling out  Something mentally wrong with Weiner"   via  by    "Donald Trump has major aspirations for his Trump National Golf Club in Virginia"  it or own it. If you fund it you're for it." -  sure to listen to my interview on tonights   Steve is a terrific guy!
 Have a great day.
Great piece by   exposing how Karl 1.6 Rove cooked a poll in support of ObamaCare  1970s global cooling alarmists were pushing same no-growth liberal agenda as todays global warming  believes Benghazi is a phony scandal.  Nothing phony about Americans being killed by Islamists.
            " appreciate the advice. Needed that today. Thank u."  My honor.
                " Are you redoing the Red Course  Doral too?"  Yes.
                      "i survive on bread water and  essential tweets"  Great!
Just like  organization I cant wait for  to suspend A-Rod. Will be a great day for the sport.
Now with the Danger-Weiner campaign dead time to focus on crazy Eliot Spitzer. A man who has never earned 10 cents in his life.
" I hope that one day I'll have a career like yours. You're such a role model to me!  "  Thank you!
  Thank you for those nice words!
   Thank you.
 Thanks Tim!
   Thanks.
"  Soho...... You're brilliant!"  It has proven to be a great hotel....Thanks.
 Happy birthday Glenda!
"  hi Don what are your thoughts on Teresa Guidice????" A really nice person-hopefully everything will work out
"  Trump Soho the best looking building in the country. No other building in the world looks like it." Thanks!
 Thank you.
 Have fun!
   Yes very soon.  Project will be amazing!
"   thanks Mr. Trump we  Teresa #RHONJ"  Say hello to Teresa-tell her to keep her chin up
 Conservative!
" Obama needs to listen to  so we can turn things around economically !!"  So true and it would be sooooo easy!
" Life is too short to hang around cynical people. Find people who will believe in your dreams and celebrate your victories."
"  what will it take to bring back the made in the USA label?"  Great leadership!
"  "Obama needs to listen to  - Nope #Trump2016 must do it. Obama clueless amp; in over his big head."
When I jokingly said "bring back Steve Jobs to run Apple" because Apple has not been doing well the haters amp; losers had a field day!  Sad.
What the mind can conceive and believe and the heart desire you can achieve. -  Norman Vincent Peale
#TrumpVine  sucks!  knew this innocent kid would grow into a monster? #TBT #Trump  wonder who  first guest will be---- his show will be great!
   Being associated with Joel is my great honor--he is a fantastic man!
        " thoughts on Snowden being granted asylum in Russia?" No respect for U.S. by Russia.
                  " so proud to be going to your alma mater you smart man"  Great.
My  int. on China the economy and my upcoming keynote at  Leadership Summit  sure to keep following announcements on the development of Trump International Golf Club Dubai.  Will be spectacular.
A sad day for America with Snowden being granted asylum in Russia.  Putin is laughing at Obama.
Snowden is handing over to Russia a treasure trove of intel. Our politicians are incapable of dealing!
Chris  Matthews ratings are at new historic lows.  He is single-handedly destroying the entire  channel.
I am getting worried about Chris  Matthews.  Is he drinking again?
It is a great victory for NYC that A-Rod will never wear pinstripes again.
                     " You should Vine more often they're great! #trumpvine"  Thanks!
"If you don't do your part don't blame God." - Billy Sunday
Wow! Does Eliot Spitzer have a girlfriend? This is getting exciting.
People dont know that Eliots father is very rich. Eliot likes to pretend hes poor to appeal to voters.
Eliot better have a great pre-nupI want to help Silda in her negotiation.
 Perhaps.
  Thank you.
Im on  tonight to talk about what the Yankees should have done about A-Rod long ago    Trump Soho is the best hotel."  Thanks.
  Thank you!
"  - so cool that  and  are twitter friends!!"  -And REAL friends Joel is the BEST!
" . do u ever get sad?"  Yes when I look at what's happening to our Country!.
"  country shouldn't be capitalized there Donald."  I always cap when talking about the USA (only)!
"   Do you think there's any chance of changing the course we're on?" Yes but we must move quickly!
" I'm a big fan of the new  ties.   Thanks selling great at.Macy's!
"   like when Bush killed all those kids in Iraq when he invaded the wrong country?" Really bad war
" help me  I am depressed". Keep your chin up!
Isn't it sad the way Putin is toying with Obama regarding Snowden. We look weak and pathetic. Could not happen with.a strong leader!
"  you're one of the only voices of reason in this crumbling nation! AMERICA NEEDS A CLEAN UP!"
   Thanks!
  Thanks.
"  staying at the Trump in Chicago. Well done sir. This place is amazing #Chicago #Trump"
    I know!
"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined."- Henry David Thoreau
                     " How long until a Trump Golf Course hosts a major?" Very soon!
   Wrong!
For all of those who have been asking about online sales the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties amp; shirts are sold  once you forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens you can never regain their respect and their esteem."  Abraham Lincoln
Over 35 CIA operatives were on the ground in Benghazi the night of the 9.11 attack  Still a "phony scandal"?
Do as I say not as I do. Obama just granted a special ObamaCare exemption for all Congress  All are hypocrites!
Keystone XL should be approved but more importantly we should be drilling amp; fracking our own resources. Would be an economic windfall.
 sparkling white amp; red wine collections have won numerous  major awards amp; acclaim including  than ten days until I keynote   Leadership Summit. Tix going fast.  That's great!
Let me sum this up for you...  Happy Birthday!
History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
"  I think I'm anticipating the next season of Celebrity Apprentice more than the start of football season."
"  just stayed at Trump in Vegas and dined privately at DJT. FABULOUS!"
" Not gonna lie  is my idol"  Great!
" Sipping on some Starbucks in the Trump Towers my first day in NYC. Very impressive and inspirational #amazing!
   Thank you!
" My big job interview for my promotion is Wednesday and I'm going to channel  to win the job! Go get it!
"  just started reading your book #ThingBig it's freaking amazing!"
 Great going.
"  we hit 3000 VIEWS today for #BREAST #CANCER- KNOW you care! PLEASE RT!    is raising money for cancer the whole month of August. In two days we have raised $1500.
   Please send info to 725  Fifth Ave N.Y. 10022.  Thanks.
 The Art of the Deal.
A good question for would-be entrepreneurs to ask themselves:  What am I pretending not to see? There are a lot of opportunities out there.
Do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. Being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. Get your momentum going and keep it going.
"  I would like to hear the answer to that johnny football question?"  With a little good guidance great!
 Pursue it starting today. "Action  is the foundational key to all success."Pablo  Picasso
  The key word is "yet." Keep at it never give up.
Via  "Thomas Jefferson Donald Trump Share Love of Grapes in Virginia"     Trumps  Breaks $1M for Comedian Adam Carolla: New crowdfunding site sets record"  you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Goethe
               "Thank you  for the assignment!!!!! "  Great job Fredrik!
  Great!
OmikronDreamer           " do you wear your own ties?"  Yes.
  Thanks.
 Look at the solution not the problem--and never give up.
Take your work seriously take yourself less seriously. Its a great recipe for some good times amp; great memories.
  Thanks!
"Action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often."--Mark Twain
We.signed our deal to take over the historic Old Post Office on Pennsylvania Ave. from the U.S. and convert it into super luxury hotel-jobs!
The Old Post Office building in Washington (D.C.) will soon be transformed into one of the great hotels anywhere in the world-lots of jobs!
"  spent the night at The Trump Taj Mahal in AC. Had a great time!!!!! Great staff!"
 Will be on with Greta tonight at 10 on Fox-always a great show with Greta!
 Thanks Michelle!
"  Great interview!"  Thanks!
   Thank you Rob!
" "You're making deals with non-deal-makers."  on the U.S. government."  And that is a real problem!
"  How sick is  's  ? Maybe a future  or  in 5 yrs"
  Thank you!
"  Donald Trump for POTUS...Just saw you on Greta's show...you give me hope for the future...God Bless!!!"
   That could happen he is terrific!
Why has all time hits leader Pete Rose paid a 20 year price whrn A-Rod gets 200 game penalty. It's time to let Pete into The Hall of Fame!
 Thanks Jake.
"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time."Thomas A. Edison
"You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else."Albert Einstein
 Great!
 Thanks!
Ive found that people work harder when they are held accountable and their confidence rises along with that.  Midas Touch
Be tough be smart be personable but dont take things personally. Thats good business.  Think Like a Champion
 Thank you Brian and good luck.
  Yes it will be amazing.
 If you love what you're doing the energy and passion will be there. It's the best way to succeed.
 Best to look up titles at  under publications. Start with The Art of the Deal and Never Give Up.
"By failing to prepare you are preparing to fail." --Benjamin Franklin
  Happy birthday!
 Good luck again!
"  Just checked in at Trump Itnl Hotel Las Vegas. We love our amazing suite! Thank you!"  Enjoy!
"   has inspired me to have a fundraiser event this Sunday at my home for a bone marrow case.
Let  in the HOF - it's time!
   HI!
 HI!
" Goddammit. I agree with Trump. MT " A-Rod gets 200 game penalty. It's time to let Pete Rode into The Hall!
"  is my model. I have been looking up to him for the longest time."  Thanks!
"  Love Chicago trump hotel. Beautiful. Raises the bar for other hotels."
"  SIXTEEN is amazing!!!! The best dinner I've ever had in my life!!!"  Thanksbest in Chicago!
#TrumpVine Weiner is a joke....   Happy Birthday Shane.
Excited to be keynoting   Leadership Summit in Iowa this Saturday  Finalizes Agreement For Trump International Hotel The Old Post Office Building Washington D.C."  Trump Organization is honored to have been awarded the redevelopment of The Old Post Office. Will be DC's finest hotel.
. features a striking glass walled building w loft inspired interiors   NYC's trendiest luxury  hotel
  Thank you.
  Thanks!
 Great being on your show--see you soon!
  Thanks Ian.
. 2013 dwindling sales continue to sink at an even faster record rate under Graydon Carter  Disaster!
Ft. Hood Jihadi Nidal Hassan has been paid over $300g in Army salary while on trial. His victims are deprived of any benefits...
Do not underestimate yourself and know you are able to handle what comes your way by increasing your leverage.
  My honor!
 Good luck!
     Thank you.
 Keep your chin up keep going.
 Thanks.
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. - W. Clement Stone
"Get respect and do not give a damn if people like you." --Think Big
"Patience is the greatest of all virtues." -- Cato
   Thank you!
"  My favorite person on twitter is   Thanks!
" Drove around the new "Blue Monster" again tonight. Saving photos. What Donald Trump has done here will shock golf world!
"   dream team for president vice president ticket 2016. Make it happen!"  I am proud of Trace!
   Great!
               "Hey  visited Trump International Hotel in #Vegas yesterday. What a fantastic hotel." Thanks!
  Because Piers won Celebrity Apprentice amp; is wonderful--and I just started with Twitter.
 Great go get 'em!
         " England Loves Donald Trump. Where can we buy your ties from over here please?" Check out  a good idea to take your own pulse once in a while instead of focusing on what the masses are doing.  Think Like a Champion
Just a few days until I keynote at   Leadership Summit in Iowa  Very exciting
Being true to yourself equals being true to your brand.Thats the solid foundation that will keep your brand flourishing. -Midas Touch
For all of those who have been asking about online sales the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties amp; shirts are sold    So true-Alex Salmond is absolutely killing these great and brave people!
" Windfarms are destroying the environment and bird wildlife. May not be politically correct but it's the truth.
"  Thank you.  warned for a year now about windfarms - Salmond is a moron"
 Have a Happy Birthday.
"   in my eyes the greatest real estate coach is Donald Trump. He leads by example!" I am the BESTthx
   Thanks.
   Have a great time-happy birthday!
   Thanks.
"  I met someone this evening who had a story about what you did for some foster kids and it moved me. Thsnks.
  Thanks.
   66
   Thanks
"  I would prefer a TrumpGiuliani ticket but a TrumpAnyfreakingbody ticket would make me delirious.
"  wind turbine blades will slice 14 million birds and bats to death in mid-flight during the next decade.
" dude that's freaking cool as heck RT  wind turbine blades will slice 14 million birds and bats to death in 10 yrs
Obama should meet with Putin snd convince him to do what is good for the U.S.  It's called good dealmaking or simply leadership! Cajole.
"   We will have electric and people will make money but birds will be extinct in 20 years."
   Wrong Piers is smart amp; tough and when you get to know him a really good guy--and loyal!
 He should meet him amp; beat him--but that doesn't look like it's going to happen.
                "  Biggest motivation and THEE best role models ever!"  Bill is a terrific guy!
Sleepy eyes  of the dumbest voices in politics-- is angry that Im doing  dummy  realize that when I considered running for president I filed financial papers showing unbelievable numbers.
Sleepy eyes  when looking at my financial filings shouldve said Great job Mr. Trump Sir.
                   "  money solves all problems #momoneymoproblems" Wrong!
   Only some!
              "Made sure to visit  during our 1st vacation to NYC. Well done   Thanks.
   When we finish it will be one of world's great hotels.
  Thanks.
Blackdog Scotland started a petition against     "Iowa Evangelical Leader Says Donald Trump Is Bold And Transparent"  Great playing--we are proud of you!
.  Really solid playing--keep going!
I will be addressing a fantastic Ames crowd at tomorrow's   Leadership Summit  the latest poll Danger-Weiners numbers have sunk. I wonder how Carlos handled the stress? He is one whacko sicko sexter.
Re: hiring contractors remember the cheapest isn't always the best. Their work may have to be redone amp; they may not be reliable.
FACT  the reason why Americans have to worry about a government shutdown is because Obama refuses to pass a budget.
If FM  needs to litter Scotland w ugly industrial wind turbines to gain independence he will lose!  the gov't shuts down it is because Obama wants to make working Americans buy ObamaCare while businesses and gov't are exempt.
. is making a truly stupid mistake by forcing ugly industrial wind turbines down Scotlands throat he's hated for it.
First Minister  will be destroying the beauty of Scotland with his insane desire for bird killing wind turbines.
Colin Montgomerie  You are not only a great golfer you are doing a great job of commentary  you  for putting my Scotland course on your cover and a Top 100 course in the world.  Trump Signature Collection exclusively available at  is the pinnacle of style and prestige  had a terrible debate performance this morning against Scott Stringer. He cant spin his failing and contemptible public record.
Watch what people are cynical about and one can often discover what they lack. -     General George S. Patton
Big crowd expected tomorrow night in Iowa. It will be interesting and fun - great people!
"  I bought a shirt two years ago while visiting NY still receiving compliments!! Love it!!"  Thanks!
 Stay tuned!
" Where's  this Saturday morning? Twitter not as much fun without The Donald!"  I agree 100 - and thanks!
   Thanks Thomas!
   Very interesting!!!
   I enjoyed my intetview with  only hope it is fairly edited!
  Should be interesting - lets see how fair and honest they will be! Enjoy
   It was great being with you last night - fantastic people and Bob V is special!!!
  My finances have been totally filed dummy!
  Don't lie you will watch with great gusto!
" . great job during your interview on  This country needs you."  Thank you!
  Thank you I had an amazing time!
   So nice good morning!
"   just saw last nights speech via DesMoines Register - was amazing Mr. Trump!  Thanks Dan!
"  just saw you on  - absolutely awesome. Thanks for giving me hope in the US."
"  : Great job on this week! Way to stick it to the liberal media."
 - very fair interview!
"  You are the only candidate ! We need someone like you who wants nothing but to save our country and make great
I can't believe that in New York we can't watch the PGA Championsip on CBS. How    .much discount is Time Warner giving its customers?
" . called here in LA; prepaid 2 mos wout a discount yet for SHO amp; TMC; got my bill reduced by $59mo credit.
"  Visited Trump Towers today in New York. It's a beautiful building    We need you in the White House Trump!"  Thank you!
"  Send some ties to Eric Bolling. He needs them."    is this so?
" hey  i walked into the lobby of trump soho. by far the best hotel and professional staff in nyc."  Thanks!
"  great speech in Iowa" Thank you it was fun!
   Thank you!
Money may not grow on trees but it does grow from talent hard work and brains.  Think Like a Billionaire
Congratulations to  on winning the PGA championship. Great job!
 So true--thanks.
  Thanks.
             " you have my vote! "  Thanks.
                    " my 19 year old son Logan is hoping you run in 2016. Me too!" Thank you Logan and Erin.
"Make your life as groundbreaking as possible while also minding the tides and riptides around you." - Think Like a Champion
Thank you Readers' Choice: Trump Int'l Hotel Las Vegas has been nominated by 10 Best for "Best Pet-Friendly Hotel"    I understand thanks.
 A long time ago thanks.
  He knows the best place!
          " I love all your inspirational quotes! It keeps us going... thanks Donald!" Great!
The failing  and dopey  are writing so much false junk about me-they just can't get enough!  BE CAREFUL.
Did the poor but smart to leave ex-husband of  get any of the dollars she got for the use of his name in really stupid AOL deal?
 I would love to represent your husband-you would end up with nothing! And please don't call Tim Armstrong stupid and weak?
"    they re-run stories every hour....and yes she is as goofy as she is dopey!
"  you are an important person that's why   can't stop talking about you."
"    all good cos I dont read huffington post. Its garbage"   It is failing badly!
"   Is  even regarded as a valid source of information.. By anyone??"  NO!
" I would pay to see  debate #Obama!!"  OK with me!
"     Michael Moore likes her #Trump2016"
"     Arianna has 1.3 million followers"  Trump is new and has 2.3 million
"  ...maybe you will be debating Hillary!"  Maybe!
" Hell reality gets under his skin. :D RT  I think  blocked me."   True because you're a boring racist!
"   i got dollars on Trump.
"  I want to learn golf from the best. Can you teach me? :) I heard you are an amazing golfer!"  TRUE!
" #Obama!! Is gonna knock  to the ground on a debate."  He woild.have no chance -lets go!
"  - how do you deal with idiots on daily basis?"  Ignore them.
Not only is  a racist (and boring) he's a really dumb guy!
"  Will I have the opportunity to vote for you in 2016? #votetrump"  We will see thanks!
"   What could Donald possibly say that Romney McCain Santorum Palin and Bachmann haven't"  PLENTY
"  I dont know how you do it. Getting the attention of mass media with ridiculous bullshit. You are special"
"  is too smart. He's the real deal. #RoleModel. Love ya man!"  You sound great!
"  America needs a businessman to run the countrynot a politician with zero business acumen."
" .  I'm voting for you whether you officially run or not! Trump for Prez and Christie for VP."
"  save us Mr Trump 2016"  Do not fear!
"  My hubby just said you're his 2016 pick. I told him to get in line. I picked you first. #Trump2016"  Adorable!
" Some of us never stopped ignoring him. RT   ONLY THE REALLY SMART ONE'S NEVER STOPPED.!
" Buying Egyptian cotton covers and Silk sheets for my Donald Trump Serta King size bed first thing tomorrow.!"  #1 BED-SERTA!
" remember when donald trump blocked me. i'm proud of myself"  NO YOU'RE A LOSER!
" Donald Trump is his only good song in my opinion"  EXCEPT FOR HIS DONALD TRUMP SONG LITTLE MAC MILLER'S MUSIC SUCKS!
" Mac Miller has one good song amp; its "Donald Trump" amp; its really just the beat that's cool."  AND THE NAME!
" Fool Donald Trump once shame on you. Fool Donald Trump twice well you cant fool him a second time!
" I like thinking big. If youre going to be thinking anything you might as well think big.  Donald Trump"
" #confessionnight I want to one day slap Donald trump in the face"  BUT REMEMBER DUMMY HE HITS BACK REALLY HARD!
" Wish Donald Trump didn't stop running for president."  So do I!
" Donald Trump is a boss. Always Trumpin' people...and Trumpin' the competition. Love it. #CEO"
Good.morning I'm going to work!
  Thanks.
                 " hay Mr. Trump! You're my rolemodeland I love your show(Celebrity Apprentice)"  Thanks!
         " I'm so happy that you find time to tweet. I really enjoy following you."  Thanks Amy.
    Deal done--too late dopey!
   So true! Just a business tool used by the best! Ask Carl Warren etc.
 Thanks.
                " Are your ties available in South Africa?"  You can order them online    I agree-- is going down with  and Patch amp;  hates Tim Armstrong.
. is the Windy City's sole skyscraper to feature a 4 star hotel 4 star restaurant amp; spa  a buyers market but somewhat fragile.  Be sure to calculate the risk of rising rates coming sooner than you think!
  Wow good competition!
Congrats to  of   for exposing Jason Linkins of  as a lightweight dope who gives false information.
The Patch a total loser for  will be a good deal compared to   laughs at stupid Armstrong!
. refuted every point Karl 1.6 Rove made on the need to defund ObamaCare.Must listen   missed the PGA Championship because it was not broadcast by TimeWarner  Why arent they giving subscribers major discounts?
Re  TimeWarner I am going to be switching many of my buildings to another servicethis is ridiculous!
I will be on Greta  tonight at 10 PM on Fox News.
Obama has exempted businesses his staff and all of Congress from ObamaCare.  Why is he still forcing the monstrosity on the U.S.?
More on Benghazi cover up: ATTORNEY FOR WHISTLEBLOWER: 400 U.S. MISSILES STOLEN IN BENGHAZI   Really bad.
If it doesn't sell it isn't creative. - David Ogilvy
"  you should be the President of MY country Mexico."  I better learn Spanish very fast!
" If  runs in 2016 he will be hard to beat;
"   I think he'll lead the polls like last time- it will be a healthy victory for Trump"
"  if you ran for president you have my vote. Get this economy back on track!"
"  C'mon you KNOW you're the only one capable of beating Clinton"
"  Great interview on Greta. Can I tell you that I think that you are awesome? Thank you!
"  if you're president  I'll move to the states tomorrow ! #Trump #world_leader #you #are #hired"  Thanks!
"  Great job on Greta tonight! I am a huge fan and you really inspire me!"  Thank you.
" The fact that  is considering a presidential run makes me so excited"
"  Pls help highlight and RT Protect Blackdog: Welcome to the Protect Blackdog Blog!
"  sir you would have my vote 100 guaranteed if you decided to show these DemoRATS how to run this country."
Looks like Anthony Weiner Is through-most recent poll has him deeply in last place. GOOD NEWS
Republicans have very strong hand in their fight against Obamacare-lets see if they are willing and able to play it "tuff"!
When your brand begins to build you too will be faced with opportunities for greater recognition.  Midas Touch
 Great good luck!
Dont be easily pleased with yourself or with anything else. Be tough amp; fight to keep your standards high. -Think Like a Champion
In Miami tracking  $250M renovations. Will be America's top resort.  just signed for 10 yr ext.   on #RoadHard raising $1M on  a record.
Things happen that make you question whether you should keep going. As long as you are enjoying what you are doing keep going.
"  just caught your interview on  on my DVR. Always love hearing you speak!" Thanks!
"  Clear path to WH in '16. Americans very dissatisfied not just w economy but decline in CULTURE. U R only1
   Great picture say hello!
   Once again it is time to let all time hits leader Pete Rose into the Baseball Hall of Fame. He has paid a big price!
" Went shopping today for a wedding i have coming up got me  everything #CountOnTrump" Great have fun!
"  stop talking and run in 2016! If your name is on that ballot you've go my vote! #MakeItHappen #FixAmerica"
   Great!
   Thanks!
 Thanks!
  Thanks!
  My honor thanks!
   Carl keep lt going I have a lot of Apple stock. Push them to QUICKLY come out with a larger screen for the I-PHone (Samsung)
" When Donald Trump talks people listen.  So true!
  Very nice thanks.
"   she did good. Trump could if he can talk in a way that everyone can understand. Just like Reagan.
"  We all think presidents have so much control but everyone answers to someone"  Ours answers only to Michelle!
"  never actually considered running for President. All a publicity stunt #GoodBusinessMove   WRONG!
"  if President what would be your 1st order of business?"Terminate Obamacare!
"  Love Ivankas Style....Simply Classic amp; Beautiful amp; Very Smart :DDD Kisses"  True!
  Midas Touch by Donald J. Trump amp;               " Just finished #TheArtOfTheDeal.  Awesome book w great insight!" Thanks good luck.
#TrumpVine Where is the money   Park Avenue is being robbed all over the place--we come down hard on thieves at Trump buildings.
   Thanks Dan.
  Thanks.
  Thanks Kelsey.
  Who knows?
Mark Levin's  'The Liberty Amendments: Restoring the American Republic" is a truly great amp; important book.
Fact: without Texas and states reaping the fracking boom Obamas job record would go from bad to worse!
  Thanks Amie.
  So nice thanks!
   Great!
                " may not agree with your political stance but your golf courses are unreal"  Thx (I think)
   Thanks.
. HOUSE LEADERSHIP  ESTABLISH SELECT COMMITTEE ON BENGHAZI. THERE IS A MASSIVE COVERUP.
 Thanks.
My  int. with  on my Iowa  speech  2016 amp; Benghazi  communicators control space.  Roger Ailes You Are The Message with mother and father at New York Military Academy. See I can be very military. High rank!   See photo  interview with  w destroyed all Sunday competition w 2.52M total viewersthats why they want me on!
NIELSEN RATINGS: 1. 2.52 viewers 6 SHR1.91RTG .55 25-54  2. 2.24 total viewers 5 SHR1.61RTG .47 25-54
Cant wait for  follow up  piece discussing my large Sunday news shows ratings win because of my interview!
"  mr. Trump sir; you are a living legend and a living role model please keep the amazing work up."So nice!
Obama' ststement on Egypt was terrible and dumb-now being used by military as a rallying cry-our foreign policy is worst in U.S. history.
"  It would be an honor to our nation if you would be our President!" Thank you for your confidence!
"  What can I do to help Donald J. Trump get elected to be President of the USA?" Just sit tight-thanks!
"  your mother was such a pretty lady!" True considered a great beauty-thanks.
" It's called  for President! " There's only one way out of this tepid economy.
" Real Wind Turbines Twitter  DanScavino:  here is a ...   Sad Day for Atlantic city was the day you packed it in. The town jumped when you were there. Major loss."
"  we need a true leader to guide this great nation. Will you please answer the call? You have my vote" Thank you
"  We need someone with a clue someone who knows business to pull us out of this hole. We need Mr. Trump!
"  you've got the vote of most Americans who want to see our great country re-stored to be the greatest country!
My motto is: Never give up. I follow this very strictly. I do not let problems and challenges stop me; they are normal.
  Work hard study read 'The Art of the Deal' and  "Midas Touch"
See problems as a mind exercise. Enjoy the challenge---and remember to keep focused on your goals.
Keep an open mind--business is a creative endeavor. Strive for innovative ideas.
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.  Dale Carnegie
For all of those who have been asking about online sales the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties amp; shirts are sold  Donald Trump will always be Mac Miller's best song no contest."
" According to  amp; the people at "Ms Universe Pageant" they never asked  to host this years pageant"
" All is well between me and  We wear big boy pants. Mine happens to be camo. #NoWorries" Great Jase!
"  For a long time I thought you were so nasty. Now after reading your tweets I changed my mind." Great!
"  what's the J. stand for?"  John.
"  Visited Chicago 4 1st time and saw your fantastic addition to skyline. Amazing and locals call it a success!"
"  .. Can't wait for you to be president of the United State.."   And our Country would be great.again! Thanks.
"  I cannot wait until your building opens in Vancouver! It's gonna be a GREAT addition to our downtown core.
"   DJT preserved the American dream after defeating president Chelseas mother Hillary in 2016"
"  can you put out a shout for aberdeen football club today as big game" Good luck WIN!
We must leave "stop and frisk" for A-Rod and Anthony Weiner!
"  .. Can't wait for you to be president of the United State.."  ---And what a great country it would be!
" But really tho if  was president omg I want that so bad"
"  - It's not a great country now?" No we are a laughing stock all over the World-but we can come back big!
"  My mind would explode with happiness if Donald Trump was elected president."
" haha I think it's cute how my sister likes Donald trump "  Tell your sister I think she's great!
"  After you become our next President - NO ONE will take advantage of this country again."
"  determination made you who you are?"  A very important element toward anyone's success!
"  off to your lovely Aberdeen golf club tomorrow."  Just got ranked number one by Golf Week Mag. - enjoy it!
"  Do you think White House is doing enough about Egypt?"  They don't know what they are doing.- not even close!
"  You ROCK Mr.Trump!!!! #USA"  Thanks.
"   Obama wanted Mubarak out and his pals from Muslim brotherhood in. As usual what he does is a disaster
"  Just wanted to say that I love my Donald J. Trump dress shirts. By far most comfortable and best! Macy's
"  you are so right as usual. You should run but it be a big pay cut. You are what we need." Thank you!
"    Meanwhile he's on the golf course as Egypt Syria Iraq burn.What else is new?"
 Yes at Macy's.
Let the Arab countries take care of Egypt-they have more to gain and plenty of money..It's time for the U.S. to stop being stupid.NO DOLLARS
Re-build the United.States not places that hate our country and everything we stand for!
"  Our infrastructure is crumbling!"And we owe 17 trillion dollars!
" I love when  tells everyone the truth about America. #RunForPresident"
So lets get this right. Steve Jobs dies and leaves his wife everything-billions of dollars. Now his wife has a boyfriend (lover). Oh Steve!
   Very cute!
"  Mr Trump my girlfriend and I just getting booked up for your hotel in soho. Looking forward to a great stay.
#TrumpVine Opinion on Egypt-   sure to check  to see my picks  Commissioner Ray Kelly has done a top job keeping NYC safe. Stop amp; Frisk has been a critical tool for the NYPD.
Obamas own gun study proves gun control is ineffective   hopes we have learned something from yesterday. - John Wayne
 Thanks!
 Thanks!
 Great place- thanks!
 So true!
 Thanks!
   Interesting!
   Thanks
" whenever I feel down and feel like giving up I simple go to  twitter page.
   Thank you.
"   then Donald will be OK being stopped and frisked 3 times a week making you late"  O.K. with me!
"   if Donald were stopped amp; frisked he would raise hell and whine about his civil rights!"  No way!
Chicago is a shooting disaster-they should immediately go to STOP AND FRISK. They have no choice hundreds of lives would be saved!
Our great project in South America Trump Tower Punta Del Este in Uruguay will have spectacular views and the...  As someone well versed in job creation and the Private Sector if you lie on your resume Youre Fired!
With  expected to represent  in the Presidential race Chris will have a very hard time winning.
. did a horrible job for Mittis a refund in order? Sadly Stuart is a disaster!
Our country needs to reestablish the work ethic. In NY welfare pays better than jobs  Zero incentive.
NYC is under constant threat from Jihadists amp; violent criminals. Stop amp; Frisk keeps streets amp; subways safe.Stand strong Ray Kelly
Its Tuesday.  How many terrible predictions and advice will Karl 1.6 Rove make today?
ObamaCare is an absolute disaster which will destroy 16 of the economy and ultimately more!
I will be doing Greta Van Susteren  tonight at 10 PM on Fox News talking about China amp; Mitt's failed campaign team.
I have a very strict gun control policy: if there's a gun around I want to be in control of it. -  Clint Eastwood
  Mitt but Stuart Stevens was terrible.
 True--thanks!
 .Doing Greta tonight at 10 on Fox-enjoy!
GRETA IN A FEW MINUTES-on Fox.
"  Who does Bryant Gumbel think he's messing with?? He's such a condescending jerk!" And a no talent racist!
"  I wonder where al Sharpton or anyone for that matter is after the murder in Duncan Oklahoma.Where is the anger?
" Great job on  Mr. Trump! #Trump2016   Why isnt mainstream media all over this like Trayvon Martin story?Will there be justice for Chris Lane?
You must admit that Bryant Gumbel is one of the dumbest racists around - an arrogant dope with no talent. Failed at CBS etc-why still on TV?
"  Doesn't  have better things to do Like investigating Ted Cruise?" You can't even spell his name!
"  Who is Bryant Gumbel?" A racist dope with a long and deep record of failure!
"  Damn Bryant Gumbal is So Not Relevant on the scale of ANYTHING..."  So true!
"  I had no idea Bryant Gumbel was still on TV. Another issue of someone using you to gain a little relevancy"
"  Who plays more golf yourself or the President? My money is on POTUS."  You win!
"  Congrats on becoming a  #HOF. It can be argued that you are the reason Wreslemania was so Succesful"
"  Bryant is the wanna be Greg Gumbel lol keep up the great tweets Trump!"  Greg is far more talented than Bryant.
"  is able to see through all the garbage in our society. Wish more had the ability."
"  I read on Wikipedia that you and Bryant Gumbel were roommates in college." No I went to a much better school!
"  Thank you donald! tHis country needs you! Please run in 2016! Busines is what America is failing at!"
"  Why does Fox continue to bring on Karl Rove?"  A total waste of airtime-spent over $400 million and not 1 win!
"  we would like to create a LL field in Chris Lanes honour at his home club.
"  Christopher Lane  If a country wants to rapidly destroy its economy I have an idea--just put up subsidized wind (cont)  hatchet job in  about Roger Ailes is total bullshit. He is the ultimate winner who is surrounded by a great team.  a great time on  last night.  Greta always does great interviews.
Via  by Ann-Marie Parry: "Plans revealed for course named after Trumps mother"  in Palm Beach is one of the most exclusive amp; elite clubs in the world waward winning amenities  to see that the Egyptian Army is releasing Mubarek. As we see Obama never should have abandoned him. He was an ally.
  And so have many others.
         "  I bet her ratings were great! Good work Mr. Trump" They were great--thanks!
             "  ..why the animosity towards Bryant Gumbel?" He is a very stupid amp; arrogant dope!
"No Question' Violent Crime Will Rise If Program (Stop amp; Frisk) Is Stopped -  Commissioner Ray Kelly
NYC politicians better stop pandering--ending stop amp; frisk would be a disaster.   Heatwave in Scotland makes wind turbines useless. Big problem expensive mess.
Congress must defund ObamaCare.  It is destroying Medicare and breaking promises to our Seniors including veterans.
Its Wednesday.  How many times will A-Rod sue the  today?  A-Rod has no one to blame but himself for his predicament.
  Happy Birthday!
With Democrats Spitzer Danger-Weiner amp; Filner which party really has the war on women?
"Donald Trump to Chris Christie: Dont hire   via  by  is perhaps the key to getting any job done.  The Art of The Deal
"  Donald if U don't RUN in '16 we will be stuck with Hillary. Would you do that to us? Make it Trump '16.
" Is  still feuding with   Who's Danny Zuker?
"  there is zero chance u get elected but u r a very powerful indorcer"  Wrong and correct!
"  what do u think about the new news Competitor Aljazeera America"  I don't!
" Mr  do you have any advice for a young entrepreneur?" Yes come up with a great idea and work your ass off!
"  What do you think should be done about Gun Control in the US?"All good folks that have a gun should control it!
"  what do you think is the best industry to get into for a young college student about to graduate?"ENERGY!
"  my 1st book report in 5th grade was on "The Art of the Deal" 1988.  Great Adam and you hit big!
"  do you think Gumbel wrote that closing remark or  Bryant isn't smart enough (dumb as a rock) so HBO.
" If  runs for president in 2016 I'll be old enough to vote to put him in office. Wooh! #Trump2016"
"  A better answer would have been "Yes come up with a great idea and have others work their ass off."  That too
"  will there be a new season of Celebrity Apprentice?"  YES!
"  huge supporter of your political beliefs! #staytrumping Donald!"  I will!
"  You're an inspiration for a young entrepreneur Mr. Trump. Thanks!"  Very nice thank you!
"  What was up with Bryant Gumbel's cheap shot on you on HBO? He's a really dumb really jealous racist!
 Roger Ailes never called me about your piece on him Gabriel. He is a very smart and secure guy who doesn't need help from me
"  please can you RT? Little Mackenzie needs lifesaving treatment urgently and time is running out fast.
 Thank you John.
Re Miss Universe Pageant weve spoken wthe LGBT community in Russia who asked please dont leave it would send the wrong signal.
Via  "Images of Donald Trumps 2nd North-east golf course released: Public have say on images"    by  "TRUMP: NY MAG AILES STORY 'TOTAL BULLS**T'"   It was total bullshit!
One of Obamas greatest failures will be his legacy of making millions completely dependent on government handouts not work.
 Thanks!
 I like you too.
Time flies its  30th anniversary. To celebrate we made this video highlighting its amazing history-    Thanks!
  Thanks great that you remember really nice.
  Thanks.
If Stop amp; Frisk is struck down by the pandering NYC politicians increases in crime amp; eventual terrorist attacks will be on them.
   Thanks!
With the whacko pervert Weiner about to be embarrassed all women need to be on the lookout. Sexting begins 9.11  12:01 AM
To keep your momentum going you must have intrinsic values as well as monetary values. Know when to give back.  Think Big
Why are people upset w me over Pres Obamas birth certificate?I got him to release it or whatever it was when nobody else could!
People should be proud of the fact that I got Obama to release his birth certificate which in a recent book he miraculously found.
John McCain couldnt get him to release it and neither could Hillary Clintonbut Donald did!
Anyway Im all about jobs amp; the economy amp; making America great again. Were falling fast!
         "  What a great building Mr T!"  Thanks!
 Thanks!
   Great Jason!
" Had an amazing stay at the Trump in Chicago this past weekend Thanks  
" Amazing service from  - great job  You're hired! All future  business trips."
"  those are the ppl that can't handle the truth. Great job at forcing his hand like only The Trump can do!!!"
#FlashbackFriday Trump family- final week of  show-  is terrific!  all of those who have been asking about online sales the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties amp; shirts are sold   Happy birthday!
   Sir Nick is not only a great player he is a great guy -and by the way doing a fantastic job for CBS!
" maybe ill go to Macy's and buy a  shirt and tie combination for my cousins wedding stuff's beautiful" Great
"  I will make this known if you had run for President you had my vote If you runyou still have my vote
  Thanks it was fun and amazing!
Lightweight NYS Attorney General Eric Schneiderman is trying to extort me with a civil law suit. See website   extortion was the first thing that came to mind when i saw the report for the lawsuit. You can sue!
"  Wipe the floor with him Mr Trump !"
"  attended Tax Lien Tax Seminar Trump University. Changed my life!!! Able to open my own company Scheer Group
" "Trump University" Liberal Witch Hunt I hope they loseand get counter sued. Eric Schneiderman trying to get himself an image as a strong man is suing  Bad choice Trump will eat him alive
   Thank you.
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman who has been a total failure in office failed to report the 98 approval rating of students for courses
Why did failing A.G. Eric Schneiderman after years of looking file his pathetic lawsuit on a SATURDAY afternoon (unheard of)? No case!
Why is it that Eric Schneiderman is considered a lightweight by so many and has failed to go after Jon Corzine and big abusers for billions?
Why did lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman come to my office on numerous occasions begging for campaign contributions? Also recent asks?
How can an Attorney General ask for campaign contributions during his evaluation of a case - a total sleazebag!
After years of long stops then starts why did dopey Eric Scheiderman tell people in The Trump Org. "this case is going awaywe have no case
What did our very stupid amp; ineffective A.G. Eric Schneidean during his trips to MY office tell me about President Obama amp; Governor Cuomo?
"  as for #TrumpUniversity I have ONLY ever heard GREAT things from former students. Don't sweat it!
"  Corzine is a evil schemer who stole 1.4 billion. Trump starts a University to help people get rich amp; he's bad!
"  I wish there were more people in the world like you. Thanks for all you do. Your an awesome person." Thanks
"  Mr.Trump I just wanted u 2 know I agree w u.Respect you 2."Thanks.
"   Lawsuit against Trump University is without a doubt ---political."
" Schneidean is in trouble. History shows that  will publicly lambaste this guy to the point of surrender.
Wow l just found out that A.G. Schneiderman met with President Obama in Syracuse on Thursday --- and sued me on Saturday! Same as IRS etc.
"   I've taken a few of the classes on line. Thought they were very good".
"  Since the Art of the Deal you have been an inspiration to me!"  Thanks.
Fox and Friends
Gov. Cuomo's Moreland Comm should be looking at AG Schneiderman shaking down those under investigation in litigation for campaign $$$
I really enjoyed doing the show circuit this AM discussing lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman amp; the terrible job he has done for NY.
Amazing! AG Schneiderman sues a school w a 98 approval rating but doesnt go after billion $ fraudsters all over Wall St.
Why isnt AG Schneiderman going after Democrat Jon Corzine and the $1.4 billion that is missing?
Via  "Trumps new course plans on display"   I don't think he can!
  Interesting!
Via  by Jeffrey Lord: New Obama Scandal Erupts: Trump Targeted   "Trump: Attorney general behind lawsuit a 'total lightweight'"    int. destroying Schneidermans frivolous suit which he brought after meeting Obama on Thurs.   Thank you.
Thug Politics. Lightweight hack Schneiderman meets with Obama on Thursday then brings frivolous suit on Saturday.
See Schneiderman admit he spoke with Obama about ongoing investigations."  hope the NY tax payer appreciates the millions Schneiderman is about to waste on a small case. I will litigate to victory.
                   " purely a political move if he met wObamaMr.Trump please put the heat on this clown show!"
  Thanks.
  Very cool thanks.
Has AG Schneiderman been extorting his targets and their lawyers for contributions? We will find out.
The lightweight hack Schneiderman told Ivanka that the case is weak" and more.  Meets with Obama amp; then files one day later.
There has been a systematic targeting of the Tea Party by the Obama administration. Now Schneiderman goes after me. No coincidence.
See  on the cover of  View the digital edition:  legal analyst amp; former prosecutor  destroyed hack Schneidermans suit on  yesterday.Shes very sharp!
Kate is donating a #kidney to her husband  .  You can help! I did  #donate
Via  " Talks Hamptons Lifestyle with Emmy Rossum"  Hey  .. your getting bashed by  about the lawsuit! RevAl is just conning his way through life!
"  in Chicago for the first time your building is amazing from the outside (cool color) to the inside."
" I think  book "The America We Deserve" deserves a read. Written in 2000 very prescient!
As I predicted long ago the war in Iraq was a disaster for the U.S. Heading for civil war there are bombings all over the place.Iran happy
   Thanks for your support - I greatly enjoyed your comments on The Five the other day. Best wishes!
"  Col Peters is right. When our adversaries r at war w each other Assad regime Al Q stay out of it!
"  dam right. Let them fight among themselves. Save our men and women's lives. Save our money. None of our bus."
I have a dream that our country will be great again! #DreamDay
  Thanks Peter.
 Thanks Terry.
  Great!
                     " At least Doral will be great again!!!"  That's true!
                 "  the Arab league should be taking care of this not us."  100 correct
 Interesting.
Via  WSOC_TV: Blair Miller talks with Donald Trump about Charlotte ventures   FoxNews   amp; former prosecutor Doug Burns destroy ridiculous lawsuit  entrepreneurs  in an economic climate like this only the strong survive. You can do it. Think Big!
Josh8J4                   " I have a dream that you will be president to make this country great again. #USA" Thank you.
Congrats to  on making  first cut. Stay strong and positive! We are all rooting for you.
Congratulations to  on The Liberty Amendments debuting at #1 on the NY Times bestseller list. Must read!
Remember all these freedom fighters in Syria want to fly planes into our buildings.
The misery of Obamas economic policies. US households with unemployed parent was at record high in 2011  owe it to yourself and to your community to make your property the best it can be.  Think Like a Billionaire
. and  discussing my case on   general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him. -   Gen. Douglas MacArthur
Do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. Being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. Take control and move forward every day.
            " Trump will win this - as he wins everything else! Awesome"  Thanks.
  True.
 Happy Birthday Bernice.
  Thanks La Toya!
                     "I really want  to speak at Liberty University convocation again." Great school.
  I will!
 Thanks.
 Have the Arab League do it and pay for it.
  So true not even close.
"  is officially the person I look up to! #billionaire #hero" Thanks.
"   Donald makes you happy. .thats good ..we need something to make us happy with this President.
" What an awful piece on #realsports about  HBO should be ashamed. #trump2016"  Very dishonest piece by racist Gum
"  Bill Gates has nothing on Donald Trump. #Trump2016"
"  I'm going to keep tweeting and annoying you until you run for president. #Trump2016" That's OK with me!
"  Jeff has been battling cancer for years. Huge fan and Trump supporter as am I.   what was racist about that story?"  The story wasn't racist just inaccurate and wrong. Bryant is dumb amp; racist
"  Actually I think it was factual and right on the mark. You are a vulture sir nothing more."  Thank you!
" One day I hope to be successful amp; a bit controversial like  ...keeping things interesting amp; classy" Go for it!
Why would anyone think Obama would attack Syria the day of his speech in Washington. He doesn't want to detract from his press amp; glory.
I give the President's speech a 7 on the scale of 0 to 10! Not bad but room for improvement!
Why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack Syria. Why can't we just be quiet and if we attack at all catch them by surprise?
That said the rich Arab countries should get involved with the Syrian mess not us.We should start rebuilding our own country amp; military.
"   a few billion more dollars but I'd rather say " President Trump" than" President Gates"!
"  " Why Obama is giving up the element of surprise in Syria" Perhaps because he is stupid?
"  the one who talks much does nothing" Except make 10 billion dollars - go get a job dumbass!
   No dopey I would not go into Syria but if I did it would be by surprise and not blurted all over the media like fools.
I wonder what the great generals like Patton the big M or Robert E. LEE would have thought about our stupid broadcasting of an attack?
If we are going to continue to be stupid and go into Syria (watch Russia) as they say in the movies SHOOT FIRST AND TALK LATER!
Let the Arab League take care of Syria. Why are these rich Arab countries not paying us for the tremendous cost of such an attack?
The United States needs to fix its own problems of which there are many first!
  Tanja--never give up!
Wow  ratings are really low worst in many years. I guess I'll have to start doing my Tuesday morning interviews with them again!
Via  by Jeffrey Lord: "Is Eric Schneiderman a Crook?"  What a great writer amp; researcher--amazing story.  Yankees are sure lucky George Steinbrenner is not around. A lot of people would be losing their jobs.
If Christian Bale turned down $50M to return as Batman he should have his head examined. What was he thinking?!
                   " remembering your generosity to so many after #SuperstormSandy." Thank you Marlena.
  Thanks!
                     "  Remember Obama so loved the poor he created millions more!" Interesting!
"  are you planning to visit Uruguay as soon as Punta del Este Tower is done? I'd like to get my books signed.Y
Thx Mark--I appreciate your words about the school. You sound like you're doing well--happy for you.   must protect our borders first. Amnesty should be done only if the border is secure and illegal immigration has stopped.
What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama needs Congressional approval.
What a shame that  ratings have sunk even lower in 2013. Prime time down 50.  are (cont)  Thanks.
 True.
     Thanks Dan.
#TrumpVine A message for my hotel guest    by Lauren Odomirok: "Trump Norman play renovated golf course"  you have to take a half step back to take two forward. -   agreed we need our troops on the streets of Chicago not in Syria"
People are really liking the new ties and shirts  are amazing and selling great!
"  love Macy's !"  I agree!
"   today I received many compliments from wearing shirt and tie outfit"  Great!
"  I'm a prof salesman but not motivated by money but like to win. Is that a bad thing?"  No not at all!
"   #trumptuesdays were the best! This country needs you to speak up for what is going right and wrong!
" . I disdain you with every fiber of my being."  Thank you!
In that  has  with really dumb racist  Bryant Gumbel(and I mean dumb) and no CBS (which fired Bryant) I am switching bldgs.
I hope everyone read the brilliant article in American Spectator about leightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. He should be run out of office!
  I agree thanks.
  Thanks Ben.
"  Do you ever get sad?"  I don't have the time!
  Interesting and thanks!
" Could be argued that  may or may not be a horrible person but his twitter is the best! Thank you Donald."
"  Bought a poster frame from my Wal-Mart store today and the sample picture was Trump Tower in Chicago. Great
"  You should have your own talk show."  Networks and many have asked but I don't have the time. Thanks!
"  A talk show would be the perfect arena for you Mr. Trump. Ratings would soar through the roof!" But no time!
"  A talk show is a great idea. Please make the time sir. The country needs you now more than ever."
  So true!
"  talk shows are stale! But a daily look at the inside wheeling and dealing of the Trump Org. Exciting!
"   You could do it in your sleep and still make more sense than these other morons." Thanks.
So a woman in Chicago who never had a job has 9 kids with 7 different men (she is one of many). These kids will never work. Trouble!
"  how do you know those kids will never work?"  I know!
Pervert Weiner is dead in his race for mayor of NYC but WOW Eliot Spitzer has dropped way down in recent poll for comptroller. SLEAZE!
"  A talk show is an amazing idea- so many would love to see you do it...your insight on a daily basis? what a gift!
Dress for success. The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection exclusively available   not that I'm so smart it's just that I stay with problems longer." -- Albert Einstein
 Happy Birthday Deborah.
The ratings of The Cycle on MSNBC a sad and pathetic show are way down. If they fired racist moron  a truly stupid guy they live!
Is everyone seeing how incompetently our country is being run by watching the mess with Syria? Our leaders don't know what they are doing!
If Obama attacks Syria and innocent civilians are hurt and killed he and the U.S. will look very bad!
How bad has our "leader" made us look on Syria. Stay out of Syria we don't have the leadership to win wars or even strategize.
"  Not to mention we probably don't have the money to spend on another long war!!"  So true!
"  he's to soft of a president"  Incompetent would be a better word!
"  for once the UK has seen sense and not been dragged into this." They were for once very smart!
"  what would you do - give a solution vs being so critical?.!."  I would make America great again!
"   We need a strong minded POTUS in office before we enter into another war."
"   I would be totally surprised if the US even HAS any money to spend on Syria!!" We don't!
"  I usually agree with you not tonight. Stop criticizing The President."I will when he makes good decisions
"  the president of Syria is killing people inhumanly"  But the so called "rebels" may be just as bad (or worse)!
"  if trump was POTUS we would have all the money we need! #trump 2016"   That's true!
The President must get Congressional approval before attacking Syria-big mistake if he does not!
For the first time in the history of military operations a country has broadcast what when and where they will be doing in a future attack!
Syria has prepared for an attack based on all of our "talk" - they have moved targeted ammunition and supplies to new locations.Amazing!
"  may be many things but one thing he is is right. #tellsitlikeitis" Thank you (sort of).
Who are our generals that are allowing this fiasco to happen right before our eyes. Call it the "PLENTY OF NOTICE WAR"
Obama now just wants to save face Russia is now telling him "don't do it". He waited too long and the other side is much better prepared.
China is already preparing to benefit economically from this mess. They will pick up the pieces and make yet another fortune-amp; laugh at us!
Be prepared there is a small chance that our horrendous leadership could unknowingly lead us into World War III.
"  I'm scared for my future."  You should be!
"  can't say Obama doesn't know how to throw a polite war!"  General Patton would not be happy right now!
   Thank you.
Did anyone notice that Obama failed to get a coalition of other countries to go along with us. He couldn't even get Britain! NO LEADERSHIP.
" Just from reading his tweets it seems like  could run our country much better than our President right now.
"  he's no Churchill."   He might not even be Jimmy Carter!
"  Obviously amateur hour at the WH. Obama was unqualified when he ran and remains so."
"  - Donald you are anti-Obama no matter what Obama does you will take the opposite view.  WRONG-all on merit
"  wondering if u know or care that tomorrow begins childhood cancer awareness month.
 Thank you.
  Happy birthday.
"  just bought some beautiful Trump cuff links "  Great!
  You have real talent!
"  You always have something negative to say about Obama dont you?"  Yes!
   Good luck.
President Obama's weakness and indecision may have saved us from doing a horrible and very costly (in more ways than money) attack on Syria!
"   you should be President . Save America"  Thank you!
   So true!
It is truly amateur hour at the White House - and this is why we should not be doing the "war thing" right now!
"  My son Joey survived leukemia. He is is now 13. Thank you Make-a-Wish and NCCF for everything they did."
" I've always looked up to  Business and Politics! He's the man!"  Thank you!
"  " How would you treat the Syria situation if president ?" I'd let them all fight with each other-focus on US!
"  Any chance you'll change your mind and run for President? #GotMyVote"  Time will tell!
The Arab League stated that it wants nothing to do with an attack on Syria but they want us to attack.Are our leaders insane or just stupid
Why isn't the Arab League paying for everything and sending troops? They want us to do their dirty work with no involvement by themselves!
We have given Syria so much time and information-there has never been such an instance in wartime history. Syria is now fully prepared!
" Why isn't  president instead of Obama ??"  That is truly a good question!
"  you should be our next President. This country would be in much better shape if you would have run in 2012!"True
"  That's the plan. Have you ever seen such a clueless leader in all your life? I am stunned daily."
In war the elememt of surprise is sooooo important.What the hell is Obama doing.
  Thanks!
"  - it's so bad there are actually maps of targets now in #Syria amp; where USA ships would attack from.
"  with all due respect Bush did exactly the same thing in Iraq."  You will seldom see me defending Bush.
" Roast of  will be the best one since   OK as long as mine remains number one!
"  please run for POTUS 2016. America desperately needs a TRUE leader with common sense!" Thank you.
"  actually  should be a first guest to show #gratitude #class"   Thanks for your nice remark!
Each time I see one of Anthony Weiner's television ads for mayor I ask what the hell is he doing just wasting money amp; time-go get a job!
Eliot Spitzer has failed at everything he has ever done and now he wants to be comptroller. Thrown out of politics and off of TV CRAZY!
"  Glad to find you thank you for your philanthropic work"  Thank you!
"   Agree completely!! Mr. Trump for President!"  Thanks!
   After Arsenio won Celebrity Apprentice he told me in tears that I would be his first guest if he got a show. No interest!
"  when you are president will you be able to bring back hope jobs and cash? #trump2016"  We have no choice
"  I LOVE YOU DJT SR FOR PRESIDENT 2016!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Thanks!
" I realize what a mess we're in by watching  I read  tweets...like a breath of fresh air"Thanks
"  run for prime minster in the uk and first minister in scotland....we could use your help" Cute!
"  Donald have you noticed how so many people want you to run? Amazing. I think you will win handily."  Thanks!
" I hope  runs for president. For obvious reasons."
"    james franco is prettier than donald trump" But I get better ratings!
"  I am surprised Weiner is so delusional to think that he still has a shot! should seek help.
"  If you ever become president of the US what would be your first step?"  Get rid of Obamacare!
"  Your thoughts on Bill De Blasio for Mayor..."  I predicted two years ago that he would win!
"  trump tower here in Chicago is such an impressive building and architecturally really fits in with the area
Our country is looking very bad right now!
If the U.S. attacks Syria and hits the wrong targets killing civilians there will be worldwide hell to pay. Stay away and fix broken U.S.
Think of it the Arab League doesn't want to get involved with Syria - but they want us to do their dirty work. How stupid!
"  But if we had a Republican President you would say the exact opposite right?"  Wrong!
" If the government just listened to  this country would be so much better!"
President Obama's "Arab Spring" is not looking so good right now!
"  why the hell are you always criticising Obama"  Because he is doing a terrible in fact embarrassing job!
I applaud Columbia South Carolina for cleaning up biz center  Will cut crime amp; advance commerce.
Enjoy the ratings of President Obama.  OPEC and Russia laugh at us. But now thanks to Obama so does Syria. Very sad!
I am giving away money. Check the crowdfunding site   Raise money for anything!
A big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from.  Think Like a Champion
How can General Martin Dempsey tell Obama that delaying the Syria bombardment will have no consequences? He is no Patton or MacArthur.
  Thanks.
  Great!
Elections have consequences. Obama just published final regulations for ObamaCares individual mandate  Enjoy!
Representing your own brand yourself is the best way to go. If you cant sell it who will?  Midas Touch
From the great author of Rich Dad Poor Dad-- Robert Kiyosaki-- here is a very nice article.  Make an appearance  We would love to host you at the USC #EntrepreneurshipClub  Thanks!
"  mr trump for president"  Thank you!
"  is the kind of president we need!"  True!
"  If u r so disappointed at Obama why don't u run for president in 2016!"  Watch!
"  can General Dempsey tell Obama delaying Syria bombardment will have no consequences?  He's no Patton!
"  I just love ur way of thinking and analyzing things 2 the point."Thanks.
"  mr trump would attack Syria or no?"  No lets make our country great again as they fight their war!
The great GENERALS MacArthur and Patton real leaders and fighters are spinning in their graves as we give Syria info amp; time to prepare.
What I am saying is stay out of Syria.
For all of those fools that want to attack Syria the U.S.has lost the vital element of surprise-so stupid-could be a disaster!
"  you realize that is what Iran wants dont you?" You beat Iran in a much different fashion-not through Syria!
"   Just finished 'art of the deal' Brilliant insight into your mind thanks!
"  If two of your competitors were at war would you let them destroy each other? Or would you back one?
" " "  never tell your enemy when where and how you are going to hit them!
                  " To be a champ. you have to believe in yourself when nobody else will"  True!
 Soon.
  Thanks.
Congratulations to  on winning  TV Personality Of The Year. Piers deserves his success!
. book "Emily Gets Her Gun" exposes the attack on our Second Amendment  A must read!
Many Syrian rebels are radical Jihadis. Not our friends amp; supporting them doesn't serve our national interest. Stay out of Syria!
. had a flawless  quarterfinal win last night. Shes a great player and a wonderful person.
. must stay focused on defunding ObamaCare and the impending budget battle. Dont let Syria rule the agenda.
Happy New Year to all of my Jewish friends and supporters. Shana Tova. Hopefully it will be a great year!
 Thanks.
  Thanks.
With the signature services of Trump Attach  brings premiere luxury to the white sands of Waikiki  keep momentum keep challenging yourself.  Think Big
Ive always defended  but he never defends me. He's not a loyal person amp; I now understand why everybody dumped him. Jay sucks!
I hear this moron  said nasty things about me (hair etcboring) on the terminated  show. Stupid guybad ratings!
Appreciate your property and your property will appreciate for you.  Think Like a Billionaire
"  you have more followers than they (  do." So true and am hopefully MUCH smarter!
"  you need to go on  to bash Jay Leno. Howard hates him too"  Howard is right on Leno-Jay is over
"  " just turned off Jay!  I can't watch him anymore running out with the phony high fives-he's lost it!
"  u mad because  doesn't want u on his show? He begs me to go on his show-done it many times loser!
  Send it to me in New York Doug!  Thanks.
" "I wish I could go on Jay's show so badly!" Real quote from  Real quote is "I wish they would stop calling"
Jay Leno and his people are constantly calling me to go on his show. My answer is always no because his show sucks. They love my ratings!
Is Anthony Weiner a jerk or what!
"  Why do you think you're so polarizing?"  Because I like to be-it often times brings out the truth!
"  do u like Lettermans show?"  Yes much smarter than Leno.
"  when is  gonna pay you?" That is a very good question! His only good song is Donald Trump.
" Idc what anyone says  is the man"  Very nice!
"   lmao.. What about his tattoos? Do you like those?"  NO!
"  Did you enjoy the experience you had with   Yes had a great time!
"  inspires me soo much"  Great!
 Very true!
"     think its time for The Donald to make a Surprise visit to #RAW" Speak to Vince!
   Thank you.
"  hell yeah! Dammit I love the frankness and brutal honesty of  !" It is the only way!
"  you would make such a good president" Thank you!
"  haha I love how you just tell like it is! You aren't who you are by not doing just that!"
President Obama put himself in a very bad position when he talked about Syria crossing the RED LINE. Amazingly now he denies he said that!
The only reason President Obama wants to attack Syria is to save face over his very dumb RED LINE statement. Do NOT attack Syriafix U.S.A.
"  haha I love how you just tell like it is! You aren't who you are by not doing just that!" Thank you!
"  god your the best Mr. Trump!"  I like you tooooo!
Tell Congress to straighten out the many problems of our country before trying to be the policemen to the world. Make America great again!
If you look at the horrible picture on the front page of the NY Times of the "rebels" executing prisoners you would say forget the rebels!
While everyone is waiting and prepared for us to attack Syria maybe we should knock the hell out of Iran and their nuclear capabilities?
"  have you seen the video of the rebel commander cutting out and eating the Syrian soldiers heart amp; liver!!
AGAIN TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA - IF YOU DO MANY VERY BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN amp; FROM THAT FIGHT THE U.S. GETS NOTHING!
I have just lost my beautiful amp; elegant long time exec. assistant  Norma Foerderer. She passed away yesterday  a truly magnificent woman.
It will be interesting to see what happens to Eliot Spitzer if he loses the election for Comptroller to very capable  would mean that Eliot Spitzer has failed at everything he's done--politics TV amp; even real (cont)  President Obama was going to attack Syria he shouldve done it a long time ago as a surprise amp; not after (cont)  read via  by  Congress Should Vote No on Syria  former Bush administration officials should have zero standing on Syria. Iraq was a waste of blood amp; treasure.
A 40mph gust of wind wrecked a wind turbine in Scotland  Any turbine in close proximity to a school must go!
Russia is sending a fleet of ships to the Mediterranean. Obamas war in Syria has the potential to widen into a worldwide conflict.
In January '12 3 turbines were wrecked in rough weather ...  while a 300ft turbine in Ardrossan North Ayrshire erupted in flames the previous month during gales of 165 mph  you plan for the worst  if you can live with the worst  the good will always take care of itself.  The Art of the Deal
We should not attack Syria but if they make the stupid move to do so the Arab Leaguewhose members are laughing at us should pay!
"  You're a pussy shut up and stop crying  show is funny"  No Jay is dumb as a rock-gets outplayed
The terrorists in Syria are calling themselves REBELS and getting away with it because our leaders are so         completely stupid!
" Why is Sierra Club not speaking up for the birds slain by turbines? MUST READ from biologist   In this case What would you do if you were the President?" I'd rebuild the U.S. and make it great again!
"  I wish you'd run for office. The country needs more minds like yours."  Thank you.
"  TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!!! "  Thanks.
"  Well quit yapping about and run for office. I like your ideas. DO IT!!"
Did you ever see a situation so ridiculous as our President explaining what when and where to Congress about a Syrian attack. Far too late!
We don't have the leadership including the Generals (who just said the element of surprise does not matter) to attack anyone! Cool it.
Really bad news just announced concerning jobs. Far fewer jobs created in August than anticipated. Interest rates therefore to remain low.
I wonder how much our "leaders" have promised or given Russia in order for them to behave and not make the U.S. look even worse?
I am not angry at Russia (or China) because their leaders are far smarter than ours. We need real leadership and fastbefore it is too late
" It's sad that  knows more about politics than our politicians"
Remember the golden rule of negotiating: He who has the gold makes the rules.  Midas Touch
The historic $250M renovations at  are moving on pace. Once complete  will be South Floridas premiere resort.
No surprise. Woman being cited by Kerry amp; McCain on Syrian rebels is a paid consultant of the rebels   by Hannah Sampson: BLT Prime coming to Trumps Doral resort  of the Syrian rebels are radical jihadi Islamists who are murdering Christians. Why would we ever fight with them?
Obama is not a leader he's just a campaigner!
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. -  Thomas Jefferson
Any political leader who wont face the future head on is putting the American Dream at risk.  The America We Deserve
"  We should send Obama and Congress to Syria!"
When we have big disasters no one comes to our aid or even suggests helping - but we are always expected to come to the aid of others!
If Syria was forced to use Obamacare they would self-destruct without a shot being fired. Obama should sell them that idea!
"  Huntingtons Disease is a terminal and genetic illness.Please retweet  for education.
" Thx RT  Well done  "Thurs Cable News Ratings: Fox's Bret Baier Beats CNN MSNBC HLN Combined.
Just watching NBC News where our potential attack is being detailed-the exact ships the stealth bombers the destinations-so ridiculous!
Syria has been given so much time that much of the things we were going to bomb have been moved into civilian areas! A polititian's war.
Former President Jimmy Carter is so happy that he is no longer considered the worst President in the history of the United States!
I'm a Republican but not a fan of the last George Bush-he also was a lousy President (Iraq etc.). In fact he was so bad he gave us Obama!
"  if only Japan had the same courtesy Dec 1941"  They should have told us they were coming like us with Syria!
"  you need to make a run"  Time will tell!
"  Could you imagine Bill Belichek broadcasting to Tom Coughlin exactly when and where he was going to blitz?"
  Thank you but we are dealing with many very stupid people!
Speaking of our very stupid war with Iraq it is totally disintegrating and Iran (with Russia) will walk in and take it over (lots of oil)!
" saw  on a video in history yesterday... made my day #smartestmanalive"  Thanks very nice.
"  I'm addicted to your books. Are you writing another any time soon?"  At some point there is so much to write!
"   can you imagine serious people comparing modern warfare to a football game?  ACTUALLY YES!
Isn't it intetesting that anybody who attacks President Obama is considered a racist by the real racists out there!
President Obama do not attack Syria. There is no upside and tremendous downside. Save your "powder" for another (and more important) day!
"   Trump will do or say anything."  But Toure (why only one name?) is just a very dumb racist-bad ratings!
  I want him to do a great job but he can't.
" Can I get a RT from  for getting three of the best looking shirts  #bigfan   is the mannever heard such wise words. #HandsOffSyria."  SMART!
" Oh how painful this must be for liberals and RINOs!   Great going Mark-terrific book!
My shirts ties and suits are selling great  because they are the best and most stylish at a really reasonable price - thanks!
" love stracciatella and strawberry ice cream from     That's great enjoy!
   Great looking couple-good to have him back!
"   your apparel is the first thing I look at when I go to the mall!"  Thanks - you have good taste!
"   I got a suit and 3 ties from you"  Great Joe!
" Do you wear your brand from  RT   YES!
"   damn right just bought one lookin fresh!"  Great!
"  My DJT Collection men's wallet from  lasted me many years. Loved that wallet"
"  You forgot to mention the stylish cufflinks."  True - people love them - thanks!
"  We really don't need your shirts damn we need your brains! Get involved in politics!  Thanks!
"  I have the cuff links!!!! They single handedly got me a job!!"
"  Where can I find more Trump ties...they are the best ties I've ever owned"  At Trump Tower - 57th amp; Fifth.
 Great!
"  Tomorrow morning I will be sporting my Trump Collection Tie amp; Cuffs!!!"
"  "The Quality is the best." A."
"  give me an update on Anthony Weiner ??"  He's finished!
"  I just bought one of your shirts for a business tripqualitystyleamp;value from a name I trust."
"  Trump For President 2016 !!!" Thanks!
" I think  should run office for one day. Then maybe some stuff would get set straight. The right way." Thank you!
Do you notice that nobody is talking about the many scandals of the Obama administration anymore - The Teflon President!
"  #2016 #changeisnear ????"  Could happen!
   You need both thanks.
"  You have my vote and I'm a Democrat!(Albeit a Conservative one)"  Thanks Joe.
" PresObama is not busy talking to Congress about Syria..he is playing golf ...go figure"
"   what a coarse what service. A jewel of Scotland  a commercial for  lots of fun!    YOU ROCKED IT! MADE MY DAY!! ENJOY YOUR SUNDAY MR TRUMP! :) :) :)"  Thanks!
"    Great. I don't always agree with you but I always respect you." Thank you.
" I may not always agree with  statements.. But he does have a good looking line of shirts and ties"
"   wears ua line of #shirts too even if you don't agree wit his #leadership style!"  Very cute.
"  speaks nothing but the truth unlike certain people in the current presidential administration"True Diane
"  Bought 5 Trump shirts for husband today. So sophisticated! Hope u run for president. Thanks and enjoy!
"  when will u decide if you are going to run in 2016? Got to love the Trump brand but Trump presidency best!
"   yup. Trump line rocks. The ties are impeccable ! Thanks DT."
"   I'm in the states next week and whenever I am there I always buy Trump shirts and ties. I luv em"
"  you are my inspirationyou are true legendand i wish i had same fate like you!!!"  You are doing well.
"  visited your Winery in Charlottesville VA today. Amazing!"  Thanks.
The New York Giants are looking really bad so far tonight. Does not get much worse than this!
Great comeback by Tom Brady-New England!
Tony Romo just made a great play-Giants are getting killed!
"  Watch Donald I'm a huge fan but a huuuuuge Bills fan. Painful loss." A tough one to take!
Also great comeback by the New York Jets. That game was over until a really dumb defensive play by Tampa. Amazing.
"  What is your opinion on Tebow?" Was destroyed at Jets-GREAT GUY-should have gone to Jacksonville!
"  Jags GM stated he would not take Tebow "even if released." Can he go back in that statement?!?  He should!
"  thoughts on Geno??"  He played great especially for his first game!
"   Hopefully Donald Trumps fate is to be a very old rich ex president in good health. So nice!
Doing Fox amp; Friends at 7 A.M.
Why are we fighting for the "rebels" that hate us-only to save face for Obama!
Don't attack Syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the U.S. Focus on making our country strong and great again!
#TheView Lots of fun on  with  and  Ernie--You are doing a great job with #autismsupport--glad to help. See you at Trump National Jupiter.
Adopt the Arts campaign at  ensures that an underfunded public school has music and arts programs  Manhattans trendiest hotel  -- 46 stories of luxurious rooms fine dining amp; The Spa   to  on her superb  win.  She is terrific!
Now Obama has set red line 2 with demand that Assad hands over Syrias chemical weapons or it will face an attack.
This week will mark the 1 year anniversary of the attack in Benghazi that left 4 Americans dead.  No answers!
Iraq has granted Iran full air rights to fly over and arm Syria. What did America accomplish with the Iraq war? And now Syria?!
Our economy is in trouble. The unemployed are more likely to drop out of the workforce than find a job. We need growth-- and now!
So much for global warming. Earth is cooling at a record pace  is hard to fail but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. -Theodore Roosevelt
 If you weren't such a dumb racist moron with bad ratings you would know I never filed for bankruptcynow worth over $10 billion dummy
  Dumb as a rock Toure doesn't have a clue about money or anything else-merely a simpleton racist.Really bad ratingsreally stupid guy
"   Mr. Trump how is Toure a racist? I just don't see it." Not enough people watch him to know!
Icahn Kravis Zell Buffett have all used the bankrutcy law to their benefit. Many of the top business people do.
" Why does  always insist on calling ppl names and trying to taunt like a kid in a schoolyard? Only stupid people
  Why does a network allow a stupid racist like Toure to stay on the air when his ratings are so abysmal! Can there be only one reason
"   LOL! Way to go Trump!brilliant and funny! Double threat guy!"
"   just curious Toure how have you done with your business ventures and how many people do you employ?
  He is not smart enough to understand!
Do you believe what is going on in Washington with respect to Syria - these people don't have a clue!
"  personally I would ignore Toure everybody else does. He is not relevant you are." I don't like dumb racists!
"     would you lend him $10? 98 of people wouldn't. No he's too stupid-lost $'s.
"  How old were you when you decided what you wanted to do with your life?"  18.
"   Syria is a complex and dynamic situation. No one would expect you to comprehend it. Nor Obama! So true
I'll be going to the Old Post Office Building on Pennsylvania Avenue in D.C. today. Will create one of world's great hotels. Lots of jobs!
   Arsenio may your run be long successful and important-just be yourself and you will be a smash! Good luck.
"  did u get boo d at the us Open last night?"  No very friendly crowd-great match!
"  empires rise and empires fall I just hope as a black man I'm dead b4 ours falls cuse if I ain't we're gone 1st
"  do those jobs provide health insurance?"  Yes big league!
"  should be elected for president of the world. The man speak great sense about world problems!! #leader"
"  what time dose your days start?" 4 or 5 A.M.!
This George Zimmerman is really a mess - he really has to just disappear! (He attacked his wife last night).
"  Why don't you retire and spend your money?"  Too boring!
"  who is your favourite celebrity Apprentice winner?"  I have many!
"  you are my role model i want to be like you in my own original way. #inspiration"  Thanks!
#TrumpVine from D.C.-  down to D.C.  landed in D.C.  conference at The Old Post Office in D.C.  to be the greatest hotel in U.S. don_trump_jr     #OldPostOffice  deserve all the answers on Benghazi!   all of my millions of followers and at your request I will be tweeting tonight during President Obamas speech!  9pm ET
Obama and Kerry are bungling Syria by the hour. They have set Americas deterrence amp; stature back by years. Amateurs!
Want to take a quiz with me? Download the  app and watch  on Monday at 87c on  will never give up his chemical weapons. He has spent years and billions accumulating them. This is all a ruse.
           "F.O.C.U.S. - Follow One Course Until Successful  -Midas Touch (this is a great read)" Thanks.
                " Can you imagine Obama running his own business? How sad would that be?" You never know!
    Olivia=a total winner!
                     " when will u return to    Soon!
 Happy Birthday!
MSNBC'S TOUR HAS EPIC RACE-BAITING MELTDOWN ON CNN  It's Toure's modus operandi. He is so angry.
               "Cant wait to hear what  has to say about Obama's speech tonight!"I'll be tweeting during speech
     Thank you.
  So true!
In order to stay competitive in your industry it is imperative to keep up to date on all news. A great commodity is information.
Danger-Weiner is a free man at 12:01AM. He will be back sexting with a vengeance. All women remain on alert.
   It will be great amp; produce many jobs.
                  " you are a great mentor. I have all your books"  Great--good luck!
The Russians are playing a very smart game. In the meantime they are buying lots of time for Syria and making U.S. look foolish. Dangerous!
"  You are a great American!! Thanks from a Vietnam vet!
This new Russian strategy guarantees victory for the Syrian government-and makes Obama and U.S. look hopelessly bad. President in trouble!
Red line statement was a disaster for President Obama.
" . you want to send more Americans out to war? Why don't you sign up?"  I am against an attack on Syria dummy!
"  Putin is much smarter than Obama. No surprise his tactics."
"  The 0bama presidency has been a disaster for America"
"  You will knock the President anyway. Wrong I would love to see him do a great job but it's not working that way
"  everything you say is true and I respect you because your not afraid to say it"
"   The birth certificate that you forced Obama to show is a computer generated forgery.
"  Putin is making O and Kerry look like chumps!"
"  full supporter of #Trump2016" Thanks.
"   he has kept his campaign pledge to fundamentally transform America-for the worse!
" I honestly think our next president should be  .. People can say what they want but dude seems to have it.
Will be covering President Obama's speech at 9.00 on Twitter-you are all so lucky!
Here we go!
Does he look sharp smart and presidential-his hands keep hitting the podium making a loud and distracting noise-microphone too sensitive.
Making his case in a nice and articulate manner.
Doesn't want to remove Assad - worries what comes next.
"  why wasn't Obama more concerned wBenghazi #americans killed. Syria not our business"
He is working hard and for that he must be given credit!
We will have to see what Russia's next move will be. They may have given him an out of an embarrassing situation or drove into deeper mess!
Bottom line I don't think President changed people's minds - must hope for a lifeline from Putin a very dangerous lifeline at that!
Wow Eliot Spitzer has lost - great news for New York City!
"  Give credit where it is due. NYC voters chose correctly."
"  What will you miss most about Wiener?"  Absolutely nothing!
I fought hard against Spitzer and Weiner and both lost. For a while when Spitzer was way up it seemed that I was a lone voice! Good power
Thank you to all of my Twitter followers for helping to defeat Weiner and Spitzer. Remember in the beginning they said it couldn't be done!
"  I remember when Schneiderman was 2nd in command to Patterson on the D side. Can you believe those two?
" Youre welcome. We did it!  Thank you to all of my Twitter followers for helping to defeat Weiner and Spit-
" " A big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from.  Think Like a Champion"
"  In Donald We Trust."  Thanks!
"  you sir have the greatest twitter of all time" Thank you!
"  I can't imagine you being bad at anything. You are the real most interesting man in the world." Wownice
"  is the man! #TrumpForPresident" Thanks!
"  I love love Donald Trump!"  Thanks!
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman asked us for political contributions DURING his investigation of usthen sued for $40 million.Dopey guy!
Lightweight Attorney General Eric Schneiderman will be next to lose. He goes after a school with a 98 approval ratingleaves biggies alone
"  Think Weiner will move to a state that doesn't know him?" He should move better for him to make a new start
"  you are the greatest.. Thank you. #staygreat!"  I will be working hard on that!
The only reason Obama gave a speech last night was because it was on the schedule-Putin is laughing and the reviews have been really bad!
Back to work for the President to try and keep some dignity for the office and himself. The so-called rebels must be thoroughly confused!
Assad hit the jackpot!
Weiner is gone Spitzer is gone - next will be lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman. Is he a crook? Wait and see worse than Spitzer or Weiner
"  . I worked for another self made man Elon Musk. I have the greatest respect for both of you. Thank you!
"  who should be the AG replacement? Any thoughts?" There are a number of very good people!
"  your passion for entertainment biz is so great that it bought you a name recognition outside business field"
"  is on a roll and its only 7:10a my time. I love his enthusiasm! If only everyone had his thought process"
"  my husband and I think you're so awesome!! We can't wait to come to NYC one day and see the Trump towers!" Great!
"  He must go... People like him r destroying our country and our principals!"  Re lightweight A.G. Schneiderman
Spitzer and Weiner lost lightweight Eric Schneiderman will be next - he will be challenged in the PRIMARY. He has done a really poor job!
I said that Eliot Spitzer was going to lose when he was way up in the polls. I fought him when others retreated out of fear. NEVER GIVE UP!
Putin is having such a good time. Our President is making him look like the genius of all geniuses. Do not fearwe are a NATION OF POTENTIAL
Obama must now start focusing on OUR COUNTRY jobs healthcare and all of our many problems. Forget Syria and make America great again!
                        " Thank you for saving new york from another Spitzer era."  We got lucky!
                      " stayed in your Chicago hotel last night. Great staff and awesome room!" Thanks!
  Great!
  Thanks!
Via  Donald Ivanka Trump say DCs Old Post Office Pavilion will be 1 of countrys finest hotels  bless all the brave souls who perished 12 years ago today.  You will never be forgotten!
An ad hoc interview I filmed with a German journalist at Ground Zero hours after the attack  Trump Jr. Ivanka Trump Eric Trump and myself in front of The Old Post Office D.C. on Pennsylvania...  year ago today a diplomat and 3 security operatives were abandoned by our government while they were under attack.  Never forget!
 Thanks.
Many people have asked recently "when do you sleep?"  The answer is -- not much.
Why is oil at a record high? OPEC amp; the oil speculators continue to rip us off.
Take calculated risks. That is quite different from being rash. - George S. Patton
  Never Give Up--How I turned my biggest challenges into success.
 I would like to extend my best wishes to all even the haters and losers on this special date September 11th.
"  is the funniest yet most honest person on Twitter" Thanks!
"  stay awesome MR. Trump you are an inspiration and a great American wish our elected officials could be same!
"  Wish more people with large followings would speak up like Mr. Trump always does." True not honest!
Putin's letter is a masterpiece for Russia and a disaster for the U.S. He is lecturing to our President.Never has our Country looked to weak
"  More obvious every day: America desperately needs Trump at the helm!  Thanks Andy!
"  my desktop in the office   Thanks!
I will be doing #GDNY Good Day N.Y. with Rosanna amp;Greg live at 8.30 A.M.  I will be giving money to a great guy who lost his son in the WTC.
"   Study: Wind Farms Killed 67 Eagles In Five Years  Brown could finally be over.   is a total failure. She just got fired great!
 is claiming that she decided to leave the  Sure just like every other magazine that fired her.
At least  is consistent. She takes over a magazine and it ends up in the gutter.
Named best golf course in the world by  Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland is a 7400 yd par 72  read piece by  Obama's Diplomatic Acrobatics  Russia and Iran are laughing at us. We have weak leaders who are threatening our national security. Dangerous times.
Now Assad is demanding that Obama stop supporting the rebels before he turns over his chemical weapons. What a mess!
NO GAMES! HOUSE  MUST DEFUND OBAMACARE! IF THEY DONT THEN THEY OWN IT!
. manager Joe Girardi is a gritty leader who stands up for his players. Doing a great job!
My interview w  Peter Cook re the Old Post Office Bldg becoming Trump Int'l Hotel Washington D.C.  your instincts especially if they are well honed.  Midas Touch
Wow with all this talk  is going to Russia on November 9th-  people do not know what Presient Obama is going to do to save his legacy. I do! He's got to get back to basics.Forget Syria-FIX THE USA
"  He's too late on fixing America. That'll be your priority once you take over office in 2016 Sir.
"  has the best opinionated tweets about politics in this country" Thank you I agree!
"  are you gonna run for president? All this talk of politics is waste if you don't run." You are correct!
We should stop talking stay out of Syria and other countries that hate us rebuild our own country and make it strong and great again-USA!
"  TRUMP2016! "You can preach a better sermon with your life than your lips." Please Sir make the announcement! #Patriotic"
  Thanks Jan!
   Great going congrats!
"   You are such a welcome voice of reason."  Thanks!
  Mark - thanks for remembering.
"  don't call me a witch or mediumbut I know you will be the next USA President. And you will get peace!  Wow!
"  Pls hlp amp; sign amp; rt ned 10k signatures stacey7 has cancer amp; very ill in hosp    take the money we would waste in Syria. Give it to you. You go rebuild Detroit."  So true!
Prayers go out to the victims of the terrible fire in New Jersey. Stay strong and remember it will soon get better.
Obama is now warning North Korea on the Yongbyon nuclear reactor  After Syria our enemies are laughing!
"  how about Jim Furyk and his 59 today greatness"  Jim Furyk is a great golfer and a great guy!
" On a serious note  tweets are genius. One of the smartest people! "  Thank you very nice!
I truly hope President Obama doesn't do something irrational and dangerous for our country in order to save face. He must sit back and chill
"  Nobody will laugh at us when you're in charge. #PEACEOUT"  That is so true!
"  played with one of the assistant pro's from Doral said the new design is amazing Can't wait!"
" The best place for a great lunch with a spectacular view in Chicago is    when are we going to have a PGA tour event  ? Best course I've ever played." Very soon!
"    Have created something very special. #2103juniorPGA best ever is the word here.
"  did a wonderful job with the opening dinner for #2013juniorPGA. Food and room were fantastic - Thanks.Allen!
"  Thank you for caring so much about the U.S.A.!"
   Just remember Arsenio wouldn't be back at all if it were not for Donald J. Trump - he admits that - he will do great!
New York Fashion Week is really bad and used to be so glamorous and exciting! No stars no fun-just boring. They need serious help. #NYFW
"   Not all Four Seasons Hotels are good. Every Trump is Always Perfect."  So true thanks!
" We are all wondering who  likes in tonight's fight! #MayweatherCanelo #sohohouse"  Mayweather!
"  Thank you for caring about Huntingtons Disease! You are amazing! So many blessings your way!" Thank you!
"  buy it .... turn it around .... and flip it as only The Donald can"  That's what I do-but sometimes keep it
"  what would your first act in office be?"  To end Obamacare.
"  I played your course in the NJ Mid Am this week. It couldn't have been better. Perfect?  Thanks Mike.
"  The world needs a strong amp; proud America back to founding principals. You know how to make things great!
  My prediction of Floyd is looking good!
  GREAT FIGHT FLOYD - YOU SHOWED THEM ALL ONCE AGAIN!
"  really stuck your neck on the line there. Great shout." .Thank you.
" I may not agree with everything he says but your definitely a good businessman   Very true!
When I say I would end Obamacare I would also come up with a plan that would be far better much easier to understand and cost less!
"  can't wait for the new season of Apprentice but we still need ur business sense for our nation!"  Thanks!
"   Donald we need you in 2016. Youre the only one who can turn us around now!! TRUMP 2016" TRUE
"  Just ONE TWEET from The Donald Could CHANGE Lil Riley of NJs Life Post HEARTLUNG Transplant 
" I am proud to say as a first time voter I already know that I will vote for  in 2016. #youthvote #change #proud
"  if you had to start all over again which industry would you choose ?" REAL ESTATE Ashley.
  The judge who called the fight a draw should be thrown out of boxing-it wasn't even close. She is incompetent (or worse)
"  - 52 and thinking of trying real estate as a new career. Good idea in our current economy or not? Great idea
"  How about Wrestlemania 30 Donald vs Vince?!?! #WM30"Sounds good to me I already hold the record!
" I want to go to  just like  He is a hero of mine. Such a brilliant man."  WHARTON is great!
   You wedding at Trump National was one of the most beautiful I have ever seen - more importantly an amazing couple!
"  will be our next president. Mark my words."  Thanks for your nice words and thoughts!
"  amp;  on  this morning!?!? My day has been made!!!! #betterwithfriends" Thanks Sarah.
I cant believe my friend Derek Jeter is out for whole season--injured day he left Trump World Tower. Lucky bldg.-- Move back fast!
Congratulations to  on her successful first day as co-host of  Great to be in studio today for Elisabeth.
Congrats to   on being awarded  the prestigious 'Eagle Award for Amnesty Reporting'   column by David Bossie at  A Battle Won but the War Continues to Defund ObamaCare  predict that President Obama will at some point attack Iran in order to save face!
Bashar Assad is stronger today than he was before Obama threatened military action. Obama really bungled this.
Michigan has made great progress under Snyder-Calley.  is out early energizing the grassroots. Keep it up! #JoinMITeam
Only 15 days until ObamaCare is implemented. Congress must waive the monstrosity for regular Americans. Why should they be punished?
I am proud to announce our newest project Trump Tower Mumbai. Together with the Lodha Group it will be incredible!   since all of your predictions have been spot on!"  True!
"  stunning! Wishing you a great success in Mumbai."  Thank you.
"  Sounds like a fantastic project. Keep us posted on the progress. Take care."  Thank you.
"  is the greatest. To everyone who hates on him HE DOES NOT CARE WHAT YOU SAY. "
"  I'm a fresh in college and I dream of being half the entrepreneur you are Donald."  You will do great.
 has great ratings-I told you so. He should pay me at least 25 of his earnings because he would be nowhere without Donald Trump
The Navy Yard shooting is a horrible disaster. If we don't clean up OUR COUNTRY of the garbage soon we are just going to do a death spiral!
American Exceptionalism and the Navy Yard shooting do not go hand in hand. Foreign countries in particular Russia are mocking the U.S.
"  Trump really knows what he's talking about. Everyone is just too jealous to listen. Lol." Thank you!
The Costa Concordia shipwreck is a MONUMENT TO STUPIDITY but the uprighting of the ship is a MONUMENT TO GENIUS!
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. - Dale Carnegie
Keep focusing on doing what you love even if times are tough.  Think Big
"The mind that opens to a new idea never comes back to its original size." -- Einstein
" I really hope  runs for president in 2016"  Thanks so do many people our country is going to hell!
"  like Einstein was the greatest scientist I submit you are the greatest Entreprenuer of our time." Thank you.
   Thanks Sean keep up the good work!
" America needs a brilliant patriot like  to guide this country!"  Thank you!
"   Unfortunately the good men like Trump only run for President once a century."  Thank you.
"  Boeing is at a record high thanks for saying to buy a while back" You are welcome.
"  I just bought a Trump mattress and it is presidential"  Made by Serta they are really great.
. leadership should not be afraid of a government shutdown. They should be afraid of not defunding ObamaCare.
 Too early!
There are great campaigns on   Be sure to take a look and donate to one today.
Video of my day at The Old Post Office- soon to be the most fabulous hotel!  should calm down.  is going to do a great job as Batman.
Becoming an entrepreneur is a personal-development program. If you grow personally your business will grow.  Midas Touch
"Build your reputation on intelligence responsibility and results. That's building the right way." - Think Like a Champion
Just returned from Trump Doral in Miami. Massive construction job. When completed will be the best resort in U.S. Blue Monster is amazing!
  #Defund Obamacare!
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman sued school with a 98 approval rating while billions in corruption goes unpunished. A total crook?
Why is lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman allowed to ask for campaign contributions from my people during settlement negotiations?
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman is perhaps the most incompetent and least respected A.G. in the U.S. He is a total joke!
"  can you prove it?"  YES!
" America needs a strong leader with an innovative mind.  you are that leader (and nobody else is even close). T
"  you got it Donald that resort will be the best!!!!"
"  I think Trump Chicago is the single most beautiful building in the world."  Thank you.
"  Right! And who files a lawsuit on a Saturday anyway? Good call D.T. He thought you would settle because of pr
   Great game last week your team really needed you!
   Send his info to my office.
"  when is the Blue Monster going to be open for play?" November 15.
"  Do you know when the Trump Tower in Vancouver is suppossed to open?" 18 months.
 Yes.
 Your not free you'll never be free. You'll be back (if you ever left) because you can't help yourself!
I cannot believe that Apple didn't come out with a larger screen IPhone. Samsung is stealing their business. STEVE JOBS IS SPINNING IN GRAVE
"  Apple meant for their phones to go to people who have super sight amp; abnormally tiny fingers for texting"
  Better get a large screen iPhone and fast or risk losing even more business. Samsung cannot believe you have not acted! DUMB!
Lightweight A.G. Eric Schneiderman meets with President Obama (who he told me "sucks" as a president) and quickly files a suit against me!
Lightweight Schneiderman's suit was filed on a Saturday (unheard of) against a school with a 98 approval rating right after Obama meeting.
"  Why dont you run for President? I think you would win and be a great President! #Trumpforpresident" Thanks!
"  Apple is hard of hearing."  So true!
   Amazing engineering accomplishment that does not make economic sense.
My comments on a larger screen iPhone were in addition to existing unit not a replacement. Screen should be 10 larger than Samsung.
As a stockholder in Apple they should get on with a larger screen iPhone as a supplementimmediately.
.  dont worry about Liam. You can do much better and you have plenty of timeremain strong!
"                  Is this your new building in yahoo weather app   "  Yes--thanks.
President Obama seems so fawning and desperate to make a deal with Iran that lots of bad results can occur. Be cool and be careful!
President Obama must remember that the worst thing you can do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. Be cool move slowly - and think! IRAN
"  I saw his brother in Kenya interviewed HE may be wiser actually."  I'm so surprised his brother lives in Kenya
Move slowly carefully --- and then strike like the fastest animal on the planet!
"  I have so much respect for you that I don't care that you blatantly criticize the President I support!
"  For once I completely agree with you! Business wise you're brilliant. I just don't support your politics! OK
"  's tweets about negotiations should be treated as trusted gem's cause he knows what he's talking about!
"  Your thoughts are simple straight precise timely and timeless."  Thank you!
"  when do you plan to come to Moscow? At the beginning of November? Looking forward for your coming" Nov. 9
"  You'd be a great professor."  My uncle was a professor at M.I.T.
" RT:   Hahahahahahaha. Smart guy. I think he did same to me. Trump is loved in Nigeria via the Apprentice."
"  is the best in business . #NoDaysOff"  Right up there!
"  Why can't this president do ANYTHING right? He's such a disaster!" A fair question!
  Yes she is FANTASTIC!
"  You should have been president. The US would have a surplus of cash!"  True!
"  Mr Trump..i remember your match vs  was awesome...what a business man!  Thank you!
"  Why do you hate Africa so much?"  I don't-tremendous potential!
Via  "Trump Winery President Nominated for Award by Wine Enthusiast Magazine"  Congrats  to  on standing strong and tying government shutdown to defunding ObamaCare.
Americans by amp; large hate ObamaCare. They see Obama lied to get it passed. They see big business amp; govt got waivers. Defund!
 Hi Lexxay.
  Thanks Cathy.
If you include people who have left the work force unemployment rate is 15. Labor participation rate is lowest in 70 yrs.
Opening in 2016 Trump Tower Punta del Este will bring our signature luxury living to the sands of Playa Brava  to the new reality. 23116928 US households on food stamps  Obama's Hope amp; Change.
The Donald J. Trump Signature Collection exclusively available  offers the finest style in menswear  man with courage is a majority. - Thomas Jefferson
Our Constitution was made only for a moral amp; religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.-- John Adams
"  what a victory at the member guest today at trump national Bedminster. #braggingrights" I LOVE TO WIN!
"  And you also made a great call on BA a few months ago and you were SO RIGHT !" And made lots of money-thanks!
" Can  replace  on #sharktank?" Mark is doing just fine but thanks!
"  my late-mother and I watch the Apprentice since S1. I was 10yo...the foundation for my love of business"
An important part of my (or anybody's) success is the ability to judge people. I believe that  is a really good person.
" Best Twitter follow I ever made: The Donald. Random 247 MT  I believe that  is a really good person
"  just watched your Roast here in SA and u were brilliant" Thank you!
"   Are you going to straighten out the Russia Syria problem? Hope so."  Can be done!
Republicans must unite to defund Obamacare - it will drive our country into oblivion and by the way the healthcare is no good anyway!
"  I value your opinion. I value your wisdom from experience and education. You have so much to offer! Thanks
"  Care to say a few words to  ?"  Get rid of the NUKES and fast!
"  us taxpayers are tired of carrying the deadbeats"
"  no George Buch did that". George Bush gave us Obama!
"  is such an amazing person to be honest.. his book inspires me to work hard and be successful"  Thanks.
"  is much more than just a Republican. He is a brilliant entrepreneur and individual." Thank you.
  Thank you it is great. You have real talent!
"  do you have to retweet the only people who actually give you a complement? Should I retweet haters-losers?
"  thinking of booking #trump Vegas for our anniversary. How are the rooms? Do they sell Trump water?" Great amp; yes
"  Donald the course you have given us in Scotland is world class! Thank you!"
  Happy birthday!
"  let me ask if you dislike  then why do you read his tweets?" Because they can't live without me-haters!
"    I like the Donald. An American hero."
"  on #Raw equals ratings"  TRUE!
   Really good thanks M.
"  Always great working with you. You are a true modern master. Thank you.
   Thanks.
"  The unparalleled genius"  Thanks.
"   De La Vega wise words to Trump. Love the man. Want to see an icon outlast life itself. #blessings
"  "Americas Hope"" Our country needs hope - it is in really bad shape!
Big things going on today at Trump National-Westchester!
"  is an inspiration to our management and staff always motivating us to do more for our members. THANKS!
"  you hate muslims."  Wrong
" To  the service food and rooms at Trump Intl. are OUTSTANDING. I've finally found my Las Vegas hotel.
"  "Americas Hope""
"         #RHOBH and #CelebApprentice should be part of the Emmys nominations!"  Pure politics!
"  eventhough don't agree with you slot still think of you as rolemodel thx run for office"
"  as a Muslim and as an American i know for a fact that you Mr. Trump respect all people!
Referees are destroying the enjoyment of NFL games. Slowing down the fun. Big shots. Jets game is ridiculous!
Is it the Neil Patrick Harris show or the Emmy Awards?How was he ever put in this position to start with? CRAZY!
"  could you do a better job??"  YES!
" AG Schneiderman doesn't prosecute a butcher doctor but he goes after  #totalhack"  Thank you!
The Emmys are sooooo boring!  Terrible show. I'm going to watch football! I already know the winners. Good night.
" Smartest man in American television gt; Mark Burnett. #Voice #Bible #Survivor #Apprentice"
"  we need a big change I believe you have the best chance and ability to do so."  Thank you.
Via  by  Trump Power  to  on being named  Power Player of the Week. Ivanka is doing a great job w DC Post Office.
Penn Jillette shows his dark side in new crowdfunded film Directors Cut    Rivera is greatest closer of all time. A leader in the club house amp; an exceptional man. One of the best  in history.
" insists that without changes to Obamacare average citizens will suffer.  the truth the gov't doesnt shutdown  via  All essential services continue.  Don't believe lies.
Americans nationwide have their premiums double and work hours decreased.  must do the right thing stand strong amp; defund!
The Democrats in Congress dont want ObamaCare for themselves or big businesses. So why are they forcing it on the American people?
Obamas coal regulations will destroy the coal industry put Americans out of work raise electricity prices amp; lead to blackouts.
Huma should dump the sicko Weiner.  He is a calamity that is bringing her down with him.
              "I like Hilary Clinton. She is very admirable. But  is our nation's answer." Thanks.
I am a defender of  who I think is a good person (and not because she stays at my hotels) but last night's outfit must go!
"  has the best tweets for real."  Thank you a great way to communicate.
 is on a very triky and slippery path right now.The right moves will lead to greatness the wrong moves to oblivion! GUIDANCE.
 Thank you.
. seeks my advice on prenups tonight at 9 PM on Bravo
 Veteran Military Dogs campaign seeks to rehabilitate veteran K9s and find them a home  to Team USA amp; Capt.  for retaining the PGA Cup! Well done and well deserved!
Obama told the UN that the world is more stable than it was 5 years ago. Is he delusional?
Obama promised premiums would lower $2500yr for family of 4. In truth healthcare will increase by $7450  than one week away from implementation ObamaCares small business exchanges are not ready! A disaster!
Its a shame the ruling class of Republicans dont attack Obama and the Democrats the way they hit Senators Cruz amp; Lee.
Take the time to move yourself forward. In other words think work and be lucky.  Think Like a Champion
If winning isn't everything why do they keep score? - Vince Lombardi
" Can't wait to Watch #IDreamofNene tonight I no  will give  some good Advice   WATCH!
" Make sure y'all watch #IDreamofNene 2NITE  will be on there   9pm"
   NeNe asks me for advice and I am happy to oblige. Tonight at 9.00 on Bravo (and watch her ratings go through the roof!).
"  IS OUR NEXT PRESIDENT. ACCEPT IT."
"  if we don't defund #Obamacare the USA will never have the freedom. we will be controlled by our Government
If Justice Roberts had made the correct decision on ObamaCare our country would not be in turmoil right now!
Can you believe the head of Iran refused to meet with our great President?Zero respect!
Remember what I previously said--Obama will someday attack Iran in order to show how tough he is.
Obama wanted to meet with the Iranian president yet the Iranians denied the request. So much for Hope amp; Change.
If ObamaCare is so amazing then why is Obama delaying significant parts of the bill before the election? #MakeDCListen
Via  by Cindy W. Hodnett: Dorya to introduce Trump Home high-end furniture  shale boom is saving our economy  Good for jobs national security amp; trade balance. Frack Now amp; Frack Fast!
ObamaCare will increase individual market premiums by 99 for men and 62 for women  DEFUND!! #MakeDCListen
In real estate all locations can be enhanced through good marketing. Be smart!
Build confidence starting with small successes that lead to greater and greater successes--there is nothing like winning." -Think Big
 Happy Birthday!
"                      Great book.  'The Art of the Deal' "  Thanks.
The world is changing very fast. Big will not beat small anymore. It will be the fast beating the slow. -  with people who share your values attitude and drive.  Midas Touch with    New York Unveils $50 Million Presidential Penthouse  belated birthday wishes to  Barbara is terrific!
Uniforms 4 Everyone campaign  has a $3000 goal to buy underprivileged kids school uniforms  of the 5 Star Diamond Award  two courses grace over 600 acres on the Potomac River  Obama administration and House leadership staffs are exempt from ObamaCare. Why not the American people? #MakeDCListen
7 million Americans are going to lose their jobs due to ObamaCare. 46 million face 300 premium increases. DEFUND! #MakeDCListen
"Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction."- Ronald Reagan #MakeDCListen #DefundObamaCare
A very good way to pave your own way to success is simply to work hard and to be diligent  Think Like a Champion
The big golf course project on the water by the Whitestone Bridge in NYC that has been under construction for many years now complete-GREAT!
Once the Bloomberg administration selected Trump to take over the very expensive and years late project I kicked "ass" and got it done fast
To be called Trump Links at Ferry Point course will be GREAT and over the years hold many tournaments and major championships-$'s to NYC.
Credit the Bloomberg administration for having the foresight and courage to get this decades old project finished - will be BIG for NY.
"  congrats! The Bronx will never be the same again it will be better!!" So true!  Thanks.
  Good point yes!
Yes this is a large scale version of when I built and saved the ice skating rink in Central Park (which all should go to). Great course!
I am so happy that I was able to do something really good for the Bronx - and lots of jobs!
"  Feels like I have grown up with you. My dad is a huge fan and always talked about you. You are amazing! Wow
"  You've saved a lot of buildings. developments and ventures.Please save the White House !!"  Interesting!
"  ....I love people who can act to finish projects efficiently and fast. Good job!" Thank you.
"  Awesome Example! Thank you for being a great American!!!" Thanks.
  Thanks and true!
"  I play hockey at Lasker! Thanks for an amazing outside rink in the best city in the world!"
"  after following your career for over 20 yrs I conclude you are the real thing.. run for public officeplease
"  you need to renovate 1600 Pennsylvania ave. ASAP!!!!"
For all of those who have been asking about online sales the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection ties amp; shirts are sold  have to believe in what you want. Keep your focus keep your momentum--and remain patient and persistent.
Five Star  are the most luxurious amp; elite residences in the Vegas market  If you love it own it
Our country needs leadership now. There is total dysfunction in Washington.
On Monday ObamaCare kicks in with all goodies of 300 increased premiums higher taxes and part-time replacement employees.
Spanish version of ObamaCare website  delayed  Hitting google translate apparently too complicated. #MakeDCListen
Dont believe the manipulated job numbers. Walmart has just cut orders with suppliers because of rising inventory.
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. - Henry Ford
Re negotiation: Know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself. Think about what the other side wants and where they're coming from.
"  I think you are the #MostPowerfulVoiceInMedia" Then how come our government makes so many mistakes?
"  i didnt vote for him but i cant wait till he's out of office... for President! 2016"
Iran is toying with our president - buying time and laughing at the stupidity of our leadership. Syria and now this! What's next?
"  can close the economic racial and political divisions in America" That is true!
"  best properties all over the world!"
"  if the people want to get our economy back on track theyll vote #TRUMP in 2016"Thank you.
Our country and it's leadership has to be so careful and so smart - these are treacherous times like no other. The world is a crazy place!
"    its a great shirt and looks great! Trump shirts and ties are my andmy husbands favorite
" I wonder if  knows that  is following him on twitter! #trump #miley" That's great!
"  stop investing in hotels and focus on our structure and your campaign for presidency" Good point!
"  Dad got his first hole in 1 today on the 16th at Trump International Links. Can I get a rt for him please
"  doesn't need money for a campaign! Everyone already knows and loves him! #trump2016" Very nice!
"  Don't think I can watch news anymore. O is doing such a good job of turning US into joke I can't look anymore
"  : I have heard Obama say  We can afford Obama care America is a rich nation we can afford it." No not close
"  will you be running for president or is it all talk?"  Time will tell!
"  if we could afford it would you support it?"  No
Obamacare is far toooo expensive far toooo complicated (thousands of pages) and most importantly doesn't work. WE CAN DO MUCH BETTER!
With proper thinking and leadership we can have a much better plan than Obamacare - something that works for the people and costs much less
   Thanks Karlie!
  Cute boy nice.
  Thank you Danyella-if you would like to work there call Jackie in my office (NY).
"  for president"  Thank you!
  Thank you!
   Thanks!
"  If you have a problem-Think to yourself-What would Donald Trump do? The answer will come."  Thanks.
No one wants the government to shut down but if ObamaCare is fully implemented then our country will eventually shutdown anyway!
The commodity market is extremely fragile. Be wary of investing right now. The futures are way too dependent on the Fed.
Business is an art in itself and powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success.
Trump Int'l Hotel amp; Tower Vancouver's original twisting design gives every unit a distinct view  A landmark!
 Happy Birthday!
  Thanks Larry--and you too are truly one of a kind!
   Dee Dee-- Great seeing you  You are really having a positive impact--don't ever stop.
Since stop amp; frisk was struck down gun shootings amp; victims have spiked-- while gun seizures have decreased.  is the essence of everything successful.  Richard Buckminster Fuller
Remember that in 2006 then Senator Obama voted NOT TO INCREASE THE DEBT CEILING. Now he acts in disbelief as others plan to do the same!
"  please help get this country back from all these idiots and corrupt government #2016 Will be working on it
"  we need  and Bill O'Reilly to be in charge to straighten this country out!  Republicans can absolutely win if they stick together-but they are NOT sticking together. Sen. McCain just said "we can't win".Very bad!
"  you seem like the only one who can fix this mess! Run for office!"
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning.
Must read editorial via  "ObamaCare's Bitter Irony: It May Increase Number Of Uninsured"  Torontos #1 hotel the 65-story 5 Star  is located in the heart of the citys finest attractions  amp; the Democrats want this shutdown. They think it helps their electoral prospects for 2014. Dont believe!
Obama has not passed a single budget in 4 years. Democrats dont even vote them in Congress. He has failed to lead!
  Thanks.
"                       if you were in office this would of never happen #trump2016"  True!
"                      Run for office you are the only one that can fix this big mess." Perhaps true!
It was an honor to be  inaugural guest on her new show The Real Story. Gretchen will be a big success!
Nice guy  needs your help to make his bad guy movie Directors Cut--gt;    Thanks.
Remember when Obama promised you can keep your health care plan? Not in these 10 states.  Another lie.
There have been 17 shutdowns since 1976 14 under Reagan and Bush with Democrat Congresses who wanted more spending.
It is crucial for Republicans to remain united during this shutdown
Your money should be at work at all times. Even in the worst economy there is no excuse." - Think Like a Billionaire
Face reality as it is not as it was or as you wish it to be. -  you imagine with all of the talk about ObamaCare technical breakdowns made it a disastrous day. Our government is badly broken!
Wow three top MICROSOFT investors want Bill Gates out as Chairman. Do not like job he is doing!
New York State's lightweight A.G. is driving business amp; jobs out of N.Y. Look into his past-he shouldn't even be allowed to hold office!
#1. Be passionate--you have to love what you're doing to be successful at it.
#2. Be totally focused. Being successful requires nothing less than 100 of your concentrated effort.
#3. Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing.
Sorry banks when we accused lightweight AG Eric Schneiderman of not going after banks he started going after banksbut years too late!
Congrats  new Fox show debuts w very strong ratings  Guess who her first guest was? Donald Trump.
  UN address was a strong statement to the world that  will not allow Iran to get nuclear weapons.
"When it comes to Iran's nuclear weapons program here's my advice: Distrust dismantle and verify." -   ObamaCare disaster is in full swing. Websites are down people cant sign up and elderly cant understand the lingo.
Democrats refused to vote down their ObamaCare subsidy. While Americans will be hit w rising premiums Washington wont feel any pain
Young entrepreneurs across the US are trying to make deals amp; build businesses daily. Stay positive think big amp; big things will happen
A-Rods appeal will go nowhere. He will get a long suspension. Good for the  And sends strong message to  players.
Stocks rose yesterday during the first day of government shutdown. Markets like being left alone for a day.
Study: Insurance costs to soar under Obamacare  Men in NC get 305 hike. Women in NE suffer an average 237 hike.
"  To save US and to show respect for veterans we need a real leader like you as President" Thank you!
" Honestly  could run this country better than anyone in D.C."  I agree!!!!
   Thank you.
" . is a genius when it comes to politics. You cant deny #TheDonald"  Thank you.
" Forget the country  could run the world better than anyone anywhere." Thanks Doug!
"  please please retweet for my wife whos a 2nd grade teacher battling stage4 cancer here in NJ.  Get better fast
" If  was The President all our problems would be fixed." We would be doing great!
 Tell your son congrats--great round on really tough course.
"            I hate that our country has come to this our president has ruined our  country." Not totally yet!
 Spring of '15.
 They must go to a larger screen.
 I agree.
 Thanks what a mess.
The most elite private club in the world Mar-a-Lago is Palm Beachs legendary landmark.  from inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will. Thats taking control.  Think Like a Champion
My friend Larry King  asked me to do an interview with himhe was always great to meamp; I agreed. Watch tonight 9 PM on RTV.
On the shores of the Lake Norman  features a world-class course designed by   Merkel is doing a fantastic job as the Chancellor of Germany. Youth unemployment is at a record low amp; she has a budget surplus.
Moderate Repubs plotting against  strategy have short term memories. Tea Party gave them majority in House amp; primaries aren't fun.
Oil has been over $33gallon for 34 months. A new record. And now with Obamas war on coal American families will be hit even harder.
Many Red-State Democrats sticking with Obama on deficit spending on the ObamaCare monstrosity will be defeated in 2014.
Obama and the Democrats have no respect for WWII vets trying to get into the memorial.
 continued incompetence has led to more people losing their jobs  She's a perpetual job loser.
Obama administration had 4 years to prepare for the ObamaCare rollout. And of course they failed miserably.
Great effort springs naturally from great attitude. - Pat Riley
Most entrepreneurs do not realize that wealth does not come from work but from the assets they build.   Midas Touch
Great ruling on wind farm in Scotlandvery smart judge! Front page article.  Thanks.
"  Obama administration had 4 years to prepare for the ObamaCare rollout. And of course they failed miserably.
"  Remember when Obama said Bush raising the debt ceiling was "unpatriotic?"  RT!!!"
Going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision.  Think Big
Life is difficult no matter what but hard work and perseverance make it a lot easier.  Think Like a Billionaire
Congrats to people of Scotland on the Judges ruling concerning bird killing land destroying environmentally disastrous windmills.
Just read  bestseller bookreally great!
 So true!
  Thanks!
My  #Politicking interview w on the govt. shutdown ObamaCare Putin 2016 and   misnomer to call ObamaCare The Affordable Care Act. Affordable for whom besides big businesses amp; Congress wtheir exemptions?
Obama has unilaterally amp; unconstitutionally drawn 4 ObamaCare exemptions for his friends. All  wants is (cont)  to  on the success of the new smash show  Fantastic suspense. Great acting. Must see TV!
Must read editorial today about lightweight New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman. Is he a crook?  will lightweight hack Attorney General be investigated for his repeated prosecutorial misconduct? the Pres. of Iran tweets sweet nothings to Obama he forbids the Iranians to use twitter. Very revealing.
Trumps Are Giving  A Makeover  via  minute that youre not learning I believe youre dead.  Jack Nicholson
Compete with yourself to be the best you can be.  Think Like a Champion
"  You are fantastic Trump. Run for president and save America! #TRUMP2016"  Thank you.
"  Please help save our country and run for President!! #USA"
" Time to clean up Washington... Vote  for President in 2016!"
" RT   You are fantastic Trump. Run for president and save America!
" Went to  winery in Charlottesville VA yesterday for my birthday it was awesome! One of the best!"  Thanks!
  While I never ran I thank you. Let's see what happens in the future!
"  the only ruler that does not Negotiate is a DICTATOR!"
The Obama Administration has a very important duty to provide a budget - and then negotiate! OUR COUNTRY is a laughingstock!
"   Mr.Trump is right again. The Republicans need to stick together and let the Dems be blamed.
"  Negotiations are non-existant Obama needs to be sent a copy of "The Art of the Deal" (Maybe autographed)"
"  The Donald says the Republicans absolutely can win if they will STAND FIRM.   Thank You Mr. Trump for speaking up just now ! Please don't stop !"
"  We need someone with some business sense in the White House. This administration doesn't have a clue."
An iconic building and top tourist attraction  sets New York Citys luxury standard  amp; great food!
Standing strong for his people  is ignoring the Feds and keeping all Wisconsin parks open. Great!
Government is shut down yet Obama is now harassing the privately owned  to change its name.He needs to focus on his job!
Obama is tougher on WWII vets wanting to visit a DC memorial than Iran. He needs to show respect to our vets and not play games.
83 of the government is still running during the shutdown while 41 of nondefense federal workers are furloughed. Room for cuts.
We build too many walls and not enough bridges. - Isaac Newton
With the debt limit approaching  has even more leverage. If they stay united and on message they can win.
Do not allow fear to settle into place in any part of your life. It is a defeating attitude amp; a negative emotion" Think Like a Champion
My sense is that people are far angrier at the President than they are at Congress re the shutdownan interesting turn!
"    that will never fly! They'd have to do the same for the Chiefs Braves Indians ect
" Amazing day in Dubai! Launch of the #Trump Estates and first day of Cityscape 2013 cc   should not be telling the Washington Redskins to change their name-our country has far bigger problems! FOCUS on themnot nonsense
President Obama wants to change the name of the "White House" because it is highly discriminating and not at all politically correct!
 Thank you.
  Thanks.
   True.
  Thanks.
Expect the best from people. They will rise to the challenge and  it's important to inspire confidence.
If you are steadfast in your efforts and self respect critics will be harmless. Keep your focus!
. has leverage. Must stay united amp; on message.
Had a great time on  inaugural 7PM show. Congrats to Greta  on the new spot!
The new reality China and Japan are warning us not to default   Reckless government spending has made us weak.
Did you ever think our country would  become an economic basket case? So much for Hope amp; Change.
The White House has just admitted Al Qaeda was involved in Benghazi  What about the video tape?
In my opinion one of the worst utility companies in the country is Florida Power and Light.
Florida Power amp; Light has disgusting rotting utility poles outside Doral in Miami. They should put in new ones or will be sued.
I'm just so tired of listening to the same old rhetoric and words day after day from our President. It's time to stop talking-WORK!
"  It is time for REAL change. Donal J. Trump 2016. Obama "you're FIRED""  Thanks for the nice words!
With President Obama it's all talk and no action. Our country is in desperate need of smart and decisive leadership before it is too late!
  I notice thanks Genall!
"  am i gonna see u in russia this november?? are u goin to attend the event?"  Miss Universe on Nov 9th yes!
"  I say go for it solid business leadership for a change. Congrats on the new development in Vancouver"Thanks
"   love Donald Trump and the support he gives to positive women today!!!!! :-)"
" " " Amazing day in Dubai! Launch of the #Trump Estates with  is outrageous and disgusting that families of U.S. MILITARY personnel killed in action will not be given money for burials. SAD!
If the U.S. Government doesn't give the money necessary for the burials of our military personnel I will.The U.S. under Obama's leadership!
Dont emphasize the problem so much-emphasize the solution. Its a mindset that works.  Think Like a Champion
Via   project will boast 800 hotel rooms  $250M renovation on 800 acres in sunny Miami.
At 96 stories above Michigan Avenue if youre not staying at the 5 star  then youre in its shadow  who develop their Midas Touch do not work for money. They work to create or acquire assets. Focus on assets.
You miss 100 of the shots you don't take. - Wayne Gretzky
I pay millions of $s a year to Florida Power amp; Light amp; they cant give us what we want. Maybe a major class action suit against them?
Re Florida Power amp; LightMost important is safety but they have to also cater to aesthetics amp; not ruin the beauty of Florida.
" I said this last year but Ill say it again..  should be president. This man knows his shit!"
"  on  tomorrow?! I wouldn't miss that for the world!"  TONIGHT.
My advice to you regarding momentum is definitive: Get yours going!  Think Like a Champion
"               I really appreciate your tweets with excerpts from your books. It starts the day off right!"  Thx
  Great!
"                      thank you for stepping up to help our fallen service heroes!" Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Thank you.
Golf is deceptively simple and endlessly complicated. It satisfies the soul and frustrates the intellect. (cont)  can open the Mall for illegals to protest our country yet he continues to barricade WWII memorial. Thats an absolute disgrace.
Obamas job approval is at 37 a record low.  amp;  have the leverage amp; momentum. Delay ObamaCare for all Americans!
"The fact that we are here today to debate raising Americas debt limit is a sign of leadership failure." - Sen. Obama 31606
Obama is the most profligate deficit amp; debt spender in our nations history. Doubled debt (cont)  has called  terrorists during this showdown. Its a shame he really doesnt think it because then he would meet all  demands.
If you dont treat yourself like royalty no one else will.  is Honolulu's most luxurious hotel  be doing  show tonight on CNN at 9 PM.  Will be very  interesting. (I hope!)
I will be on  tonight at 9PM.    Watch CNN tonight as Piers and I discuss Obama SHUTDOWN leadership and many other topics of interest - 9 PM - 10 minutes!
 I urge every politician in Washington to tune into CNN and listen to  's advice on how to do a deal."
"  Great job on Piers Morgan!"  Thank you.
"  The truth that needed to be heard. Voice of common sense! YOU'RE HIRED!!"
"  Amazing Interview Mr.Trumplove the fact you didn't sugarcoat the facts. Thank you Sir."
   Your family and dad are great-your mother must have been amazing!
"  You scored a 10 on  Thanks for keeping it real!"
"  Trump for PRESIDENT!!! THE U.S. ADORES TRUMP!
"    Donald I LOVE this place!
"  watching your CNN interview we need someone like you to run for president!"  Thank you.
" If  was just in charge of our countries economic decisions we would be back on track.
"  Blake Thomas Roberts the Donald Trump of Houston. You're my motivation! #dedication #hardwork" Great!
"  4 president #2016"
"  I was in your hotel in Chicago today. One of the most amazing buildings I've ever seen!" Thanks.
"  I was in your hotel in Chicago today. One of the most amazing buildings I've ever seen!" Thank you.
    4th now! David should have seen his interview with  truly amazing."
   Tell John he is a total winner!
   Thank you.
"  Really enjoyed your interview.Honest and stright forward Love it!!"  Thanks.
"  Great job What we need in the next election!!! #2016"
"  TRUMP for president !!!!"  Well our Country would become very rich very fast....and then lot's of good!
"   We need more than 10 min with Donald. Was inspired. Get gov't in assembly and make them watch.
"  Sir that was a great interview you had with Piers keep up the good work sir"  Thank you.
"  You need to run for President. Your "take-no-BS" attitude is what we need in this country!"
"  Everyone should start their twitter day with TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT....lets start the movement"  Wow!
" Our country needs a smart experienced successful man. TRUMP 2016  Welch thinks Sam Palmisano retired CEO of IBM should be the next CEO of MICROSOFT. Interesting!
"  I'd vote Trump for president ten times over. #trueleadership"  Thank you.
" Praying that you will consider running for president. You understand business amp; know how to negotiate. #tump4prez"
"  I'm coming to NY from Florida tomorrow. I'm bringing the first Trump 2016 sign with me. #startthemovement" Wow
If its worth doing its worth fighting for. Youll have lots of people and obstacles in your way. Work amp; fight to get beyond them."
Problems setbacks mistakes amp; losses are all part of life. We shouldn't be shocked if and when they happen.  Think Like a Champion
Lightweight  is pushing for the Moreland Commission to be disbanded immediatelybecause he is being looked at!
 a highly overrated architect has had many problems with buildings he designed downtown--amp; others!
I wouldnt use  to design a doghouse let alone a house or building!
Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the World Trade Center to get out of a lease with Conde Nast?
Personally I think Douglas Dursts brother got screwed by Douglasno wonder hes angry!
  Piers is a good man even if we disagree with him.
  Quickly.
Weekly jobless claims soared to 21.5 a 6 month high  ObamaCare the greatest job killer in US history.
Congrats to Jim Lipton and Inside the Actors Studio for winning the Emmy Award for the 250th Episode. I was honored to appear in it.
How do you spend over $635M on websites and they don't work?
Many countries including allies already see China as world superpower  We have greatest military yet no respect
  Thanks.
  Thank you.
  True!
"                      GOD bless you Mr. Trump!!"  Thank you.
 Thank you and true!
   Thank you.
   Great news!
I know a great deal about websites etc. but I am unable to understand how our government spent $635 million on the ObamaCare site-amp; disaster
Somebody got rich building the ObamaCare website which doesn't even come close to working - where has the money gone?
"   So true. Who signed off over 12 billion web site. Biggest failure in I T history pretty amazing
   Thank you!
"  PLEAAAASE RUN for PRESIDENT!!! Help America Donald Trump you're our only hope!"  Thank you.
   Happy birthday to my baby - and keep up the great work at school. We are all proud of you!
"  graduated from  (the School of Champions)." Great school true!
"   Donald Trump has done more for this country than Barrack has ever thought about." Thanks!
" Best part about Monday mornings is listening to  on Fox and Friends! You should run for POTUS!!" Thank you!
" only an idiot loses money in real-estate  does that all the time."  I've made over ten billion $'s you idiot!
"  gr8 spot on Insightful honest Intelligent xommon sense. U woulf make a phenomenal gov of NY"
  Thank you Christine.
  Great.
"  your  is an amazing property thru n thru."  Thank you-tallest amp; most beautiful in LasVegas
"  U crack me up. I love how a man of ur wealth fame and stature doesn't mind mixing it up. Part of success!
Ranked a top course  amp; 6 Star Diamond Award Trump Intl Palm Beach has been expanded to 27 holes  Keep the big picture in mind. There are always opportunities and possibilities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them.
 You have to have passion for your work. That's crucial. Then focus on it and don't give up.
As an addition Apple must go to a larger screen now--asap! They're losing their standing in the market!
 Thanks.
 It will be the country's finest resort!
 My honor.
 Thank you.
  Thanks.
 Thanks-- New look for Blue Monster: signature golf course is more challenging amp; fan friendlier  Perhaps--no decision yet.
"GOPers eye Donald Trump for governor run"  via  by    Thank you for your great confidence! OUR STATE LIKE OUR COUNTRY IS IN SERIOUS TROUBLE. Keep up the good fight.
   So nice thank you.
My beautiful daughter Ivanka just had a healthy baby boy. Jared and Ivanka are very proud!
Thanks to all for the wonderful congratulation sent to me on the birth of Ivanka's little boy - so nice!
Experience knowledge amp; prescience are a formidable combination of powers. Do not underestimate any of them.  Think Like a Champion
  Happy Birthday!
Al Qaeda terrorist Al Libi was immediately read his rights amp; is now being treated for pre-existing medical (cont)  seem intent on negotiating against themselves. Many senior Senators are doing Obamas bidding. Cant win this way.
"Welfare's purpose should be to eliminate as far as possible the need for its own existence."  Pres. Ronald Reagan
"  I miss Celeb Apprentice-Best show on T.V.  Thank you casting now for next season.
Will be cutting ribbon at           10 A.M. with Mayor Bloomberg and Jack Nicklaus for the opening of TRUMP LINKS at FERRY POINT.
Trump Links will be a great championship golf course that will host many major tournaments and bring tremendous $'s amp; prestige to N.Y.C.!
"  now this should give Bethpage a run for the money in NY" Will blow Bethpage away!
"  Please Dont as I do LOVE NY like you doyour not a Governoryour a President"  Cute!
"  my preview of the course and ribbon cutting in the  today  Great writing-thanks!
Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point will host many major championships over the years. Great thing for NYCcongratulations to all!
Just left Trump Golf Links at Ferry Point.  Ribbon cutting w amp;  was spectacular. Lots of people amp; jobs!
. was just rated Best Room Service in LV by The Daily Meal. Congrats to my Las Vegas staff!  Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Thanks.
 So nice thank you.
    True and thanks.
What a great day it was yesterday showing the public Trump Links at Ferry Point. I took over a disaster and made it GREAT! Good job to all!
I'm glad that Mark Cuban won the ridiculous case with the    S.E.C.  It never should have been brought in the first place!
"  Does a day go by when you don't pat yourself on the back?  Not many!
Remember if you don't pat yourself on the back nobody else will. Take credit for your successes and don't let others forget!!!!!!
"  Donald you are a true American hero. I can't wait to celebrate Trump day in the future." Wow nice.
"  Ferry Point looks awesome! It should definitely get some majorchampionship events sometime soon"
"             Thanks  for coming to my book party - wouldn't have been the same without you!"  Piers--Congrats!
  Read 'Midas Touch' -- great book for entrepreneurs. Good luck!
.  Read 'Midas Touch' -- great book for entrepreneurs. Good luck!
Entrepreneurship is engine of American success. I bring it to crowdfunding w  $1M RECORD reward   "Golden Bear and American business tycoon finish their unlikely masterpiece"   administration is killing American industrial renaissance by stopping drilling and fracking. Terrible for economy.
Apple must make the IPhone screen bigger. Losing major market share.
A winning attitude will put everything in perspective. Keep negative thoughts and people where they belong--out of the big picture.
Gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn.
I'm on the David Letterman  tonight--looking forward to it. 11:35 PM on CBS.
Thanks for all of the great support but I just don't see myself wanting to run for Governor of New York - I have something else in mind!
By the way New York State MUST LOWER TAXES (and fast) and must start going after all of the "energy" that lies just below our feet (now)!
"  then please fire the hell out of some of these pathetic leaches up there in DC! You do it better than anyone else!".
"   No joke.....The Donald would be a great #rydercup captain."  I agree.
" "You've really got the world by the ass don't you?" says Letterman to  Classic"
"  I'm a Democrat have not been your biggest fan but you made some very good points on the #Davidletterman show tonight."
"  Great appearance on Letterman. Such a great insight. Wish we had more great businessmen like you."
" See  isn't as bad as people think. Great interview with  #goodguy"
"  You were great on Letterman as usual."  Thank you!
"  is the post office building in DC the way the US is going to pay your salary when you become the President in 16
" best  interview yet   Thanks!
"  I was against fame entering the white house until now. Please run for president the US needs you. Thank you.
"  Great men do great things America needs you America's allies need you in truth the world needs you." Wow
"  why be governor when you can be president?"
"  Don the Country needs you I served 4 years in our Armed forces and I am asking you to lead our Nation"
"   You're the only one."
"  was the man on Letterman!"
"  I've been watching The apprentice since I was 10 and thats really all I get excited for in the winter #love
"  Our country needs a great business man like yourself to made us a force on a global scale again." So true!
"  America needs to listen to what Trump is saying. #TrumpForChange" Thanks!
"   Mr Trump. You have great kids.Let them handle UR business. Step forward and save what's left of the USA"
The contract to build the ObamaCare website was given to a CANADIAN company for $55 744 081. It then bloated to $292 071067 INCOMPETENCE
I build beautiful websites with very smart and imaginative people for almost NOTHING. OUR GOVERNMENT SPENT ALMOST $535 000 000 for NOTHING
ObamaCare website fiasco was a SINGLE bid to a Canadian company - terrible!
 Thanks!
    So nice thank you.
  Thank you.
  Thank you.
The 2013 MISS UNIVERSE Pageantwill take place in Russia for the very first time in the 62 year history of the contest.
This will be one of the biggest and most beautiful Miss Universe events ever.
Honored to be attending Rev.  95th birthday. His life amp; work has brought hope amp; faith to millions worldwide.
Can you imagine a Canadian company developing our website? Terrible way to put Americans back to work.
Our country is being run by total amateurs. Lets just call it amateur hour.
 sales are so dismal that w its record 2013 losses it is going bi-weekly  Should end pain amp; just fold.
I love watching the dishonest writers  suffer the magazines failure.
No surprise Saudis turned down spot on UN Security Council. They dont want  responsibility. Just have us do their heavy lifting.
Wow China's growth accelerated 7.8 in third quarter.  If the U.S. had half that number we would be the talk of the World - need leadership
Canadians kicked out the firm that the U.S. paid all that money to for the failed website. How stupid are our "leaders"? This is a scandal!
  A terrible statement like that shows how desperate you and your magazine are. You should be ashamed.
No wonder  is doing so poorly with an idiot Sr. Editor like  it will only get worse!
Looks like a very good World Series game!
Isn't the WORLD tired of hearing President Obama say he knew nothing about anything-time to take responsibility for all of your mistakes!
Both of our New York hotels are on the Top Ten list of the most luxurious hotels in NYC... Congrats to all!
The best entrepreneurs believe the true measure of success has to do with the number of jobs their business creates.  Midas Touch
Learn work and think in equal proportions and youll be going in the right direction.  Think Like a Champion
The ObamaCare website is unfixable amp;  rumor has it that they will stop checks amp; balancesa free-for-all that will cost the country trillions
Gary Sinise is doing tremendous work for veterans through his foundationcheck it out  is Panama Citys premiere hotel. 70 stories over Punta Pacifica excellence has arrived to So. America   looking to give away a RECORD $1M reward on  for a crowd funding campaign  to Boston on the  World Series victory. Earned and deserved.
If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert in 5 years there'd be a shortage of sand.  Milton Friedman
With terrific Steve Wynn at dinner last night.  tip: See yourself as victorious. This will focus you in the right direction. Apply your skills and talent--and be tenacious.
Job tip: If you were the employer what kind of person would you most desire as an employee? Be that person.
Use your intelligence and your education to execute what your imagination presents to you. This is one step to becoming an entrepreneur.
Brian  wrote a wonderful book called "George Washington's Secret Six" that is truly worth reading.     Can't wait for 2016!!!! America needs you!!!!#Trump2016"  Thank you what a mess our country is in.
When Obama tried to tweak his previous statement on ObamaCare he made it an even greater lie-even the Senate Democrats are angry with him!
Just sit back and watch ObamaCare is such a disaster it will fall like a house of broken cards. The website is the best part of this mess!
She is so sad and pathetic that I almost feel sorry for Sec.Sebelius. She has done great harm to many people and must be fired. Incompetent!
Put Kathleen Sebelius out of her misery and lovingly say YOU'RE FIRED! Let her go home to her family and rest. BRING IN TOP FLIGHT PEOPLE!
Prediction: The disaster known as ObamaCare will only get worse and Republicans will gain far greater power than they have had in years!
A level will be reached where ObamaCare will be so out of control expensive and unwieldy that the biggest supporters will abandon ship.
If Democrats do not start opposing ObamaCare and fast Republicans will have a massive victory in 2014 - far greater than any predictions!
I will be going to Asheville North Carolina tonight for the 95th birthday party of the GREAT Billy Graham - such a wonderful man!
"THEBillMcGee             a year of wear your shirts still look great! Glad I made the purchase!" Thank you.
My speech at  Bartlet Gala Dinner where I received  Entrepreneur Award  that time of the year.  in Central Park is now open--best rink in the world.  A landmark.
Had dinner this week at  (at Trump World Tower) opposite the United Nationsfantastic food! 212.964.7777
Looking forward to attending the GREAT Rev.  birthday party tonight--there's nobody like him!
Congratulations to the $1B ObamaCare website on enrolling FOUR in Delaware. Cost to us - $4M    least 3.5M fellow Americans are going to lose their healthcare plans because of ObamaCare. Defund then repeal!
We still have not learned the full truth on Benghazi.  Four Americans were killed. Congress must act!
Upstate New York needs jobs. Frack Now amp; Frack Fast! Pay off NY State debt.
Read the Bible. Work hard and honestly. And don't complain.  Rev.  toss off your problems and dont dwell on them either. Deal with them!  Think Like a Champion
The ObamaCare disaster will increase the amount of uninsured  What is the point of this Trillion $ monstrosity?
Success tip: Be ready for problems and be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification.
Being successful requires nothing less than 100 of your concentrated effort. Be totally focused.
Leadership: Whatever happens you're responsible. If it doesn't happen you're responsible.
  Emin your performance at Miss Universe was fantastic - you are a STAR!
Miss USA pageant had a 4 to 1 vote in favor but it won't be in Miami Doral in 2014-- Mayor Boria voted against it. I want total support!
     Crocus City Hall in Moscow is a fabulous place!
Via   Donald Trump Planning Skyscraper in Moscow  amp;  Directors Cut has 4 days to go until it meets its  goal   has exposed the massive ObamaCare fraud perpetuated by Navigator Programs  should watch the documentary Windfall on  See an upstate NY town ruined by environmentalists amp; windfarms.
ObamaCare is one of the worst political disasters of all time - 4992343 AMERICANS LOSING COVERAGE LESS THAN 50OOO NEW SIGNUPS.
President Obama is under pressure from Democrats to undo his lie on ObamaCare. His problem is that such a move would end ObamaCare.
ObamaCare is on LIFE SUPPORT - it will soon be DEAD ON ARRIVAL - A bad concept that was imcompetently administered!
No matter how far down a path you go if it's the wrong path turn around and go back home - before it is too late.
Can you believe itthe model who mysteriously disappeared from the ObamaCare website is not a US citizenshes from Colombia.
The same people that built the ObamaCare website used as the face of the website someone who is not a US citizen. Incompetent.
More dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!
Obama friend got a no-bid $635M contract to build website  And now she will get more to fix it.
I'll be on  On the Record tonight to talk about the ObamaCare fiasco--7 pm on Fox News
He who defends everywhere defends nowhere.  Sun Tzu
The cast has been largely selected for next year's Celebrity Apprentice.  Wait 'till you hear the names-AMAZING! Season 14-many nights at #1
Did President Obama have a rough day yesterday or what? He has got to start telling the truth - NO MORE LIES OR DECEPTION!
The only deal the Republicans should accept is a complete repeal of ObamaCare. You have them on the run - don't fold - go for it!
A true business only exists to solve a problem and to make life better.  Midas Touch
Be tough be smart be personable but dont take things personally. Thats good business.  Think Like a Champion
Rumor has it Apple is going to release iPhones with bigger screens. That's good news.
Again more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare. Congratulations America!
Winning is habit. Unfortunately so is losing. - Vince Lombardi
   Great job in helping our wonderful Miss Universe - there is nobody like you - CONGRATULATIONS!
   Thank you for your fair and balanced reporting. You provide a great and important service to the people of Scotland!
   Thanks Gary.
The polls have shown that DEAD PEOPLE voted for President Obama overwhelmingly and without hesitation - he must be doing something right!
President Obama played golf yesterday???
W signature Trump amenities 5 star rooms amp; world-class restaurants  brings excellence to Hawaii  heartfelt prayers go out to our fellow Americans suffering from the storms amp; tornadoes.
"The ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world are the ones who do." -- Steve Jobs
I took some heat a long time ago when I said that George Zimmerman was a sicko and bad news. I know people and this guy is no good-trouble!
Go to work today be smart think positively and WIN!
" Rocking a  brand tie today for good measure. The picture does it no justice. Available   LOOKS GREAT!
I got George Zimmerman right- watch-  to  on her big move to  She is a total winner!
FLASHBACK -  October 9 2012: Donald Trump: Jobs Numbers Are 'A Lot Of Monkey Business'   Proven right again!
Last October on   attacked  and I for saying Obama cooked the job number. Will he apologize?
Just as I said last October census workers cooked the job numbers for Obama right before the election    Chuck--very fair best wishes!
One of  top private clubs  features a Jim Fazio designed 7291 yd par 72 course  stories of golden glass over the strip  elite hotel rooms feature floor-to-ceiling windows  who is talking to  at  Not terrible hair!  While Obama wastes billions on a broken website he is going to cut military pay  No surprise.
Jamie Dimon just gave away $13B to government in settlement. Terrible move amp; bad precedent.  Could have done much better by fighting.
"If everything seems under control you're not going fast enough." -- Mario Andretti
Broken promises. A broken billion dollar website. ObamaCare cant be fixed. Repeal!
The next ObamaCare disaster will be doctors being dropped from plans.
Advertising is totally unnecessary. Unless you hope to make money.  - Jef I. Richards
ALWAYS BORROW MONEY FROM A PESSIMIST BECAUSE HE WILL NEVER EXPECT IT TO BE PAID BACK!
Work is fun deals are fun life is fun - but love of a great family makes it all come together. Go out there and make your family proud.
"If everything seems under control you're not going fast enough." -- Mario Andretti"
Afghanistan leaders want the U.S. to keep 20 000 troops there for many more years fully paid for by the U.S. but first they want apology.
Emin from Russia--a very talented guy. All proceeds go to help the Philippines.  #missuniverse    Thank you.
 Great!
  True!
Congratulations to  on the success of his new book "Undisputed Truth" amp;  special--and thanks for the nice words Mike.
$1B down another $1B to go. ObamaCare website is 40 unfinished. This is beyond pathetic.
Offering true luxury  has spectacular restaurants Olympic pools amp; six professional tennis courts  So true!
  Thank you.
 Sad!
 Thanks.
 Thanks.
  I create jobs!
When Warren Buffett amp; others play w bankruptcy nobody careswhen Trump plays the game it becomes a big deal!   to Congress on their 112 'gold tier' healthcare plans  Why should they suffer like regular Americans?
"If you want to kill any idea in the world get a committee working on it." -- Charles Kettering
"Results are what matter. The bottom line is clearly the bottom line." --Think Like a Champion
Do not allow our very stupid leaders to sign a deal that keeps us in Afghanistan through 2024-with all costs by U.S.A.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT!
   I'm watching Joe (who is 100 correct on Afghanistan) fondling the once great Time Magazine-so sad to see how skimpy it is!
Today will be a great day at work - have only one word in mind VICTORY!
Florida Power amp; Light did a fantastic job of providing service amp; energy during the big storm in Palm Beach.  out what really moves you. You've got to have the 'FIRE' in order to have the Midas Touch." -- Midas Touch
We have wasted an enormous amount of blood and treasure in Afghanistan. Their government has zero appreciation. Let's get out!
Host of the 2017 U.S. Women's Open Trump Bedminster has been rated one of America's best golf courses.
70 stores above Punta Pacifica's pristine peninsula  offers fine dining five pools amp; luxury rooms  answered my  fans questions via video- watch-  prove WH knew ObamaCare website wouldn't work in October -- why didn't they delay the launch?   assaults are the new rage by sick and depraved youth. We better start getting tough in this country-and they want to take our guns!
If you are lucky enough to catch a knockout assaulter before getting slugged and you carry a gun shoot the bastard (teach them a lesson)!
Weak newscasters are asking "is there a racial component to knockout attacks?" Of course there is and weakness will only make it worse!
For all those sick degenerates contemplating a knockout attack please remember the late great Charles Bronson-no more crime!
Lightweight shakedown artist AG Eric Schneiderman was exposed in todays New York Post editorial   JP Morgan took their case through the courts for 15 years nobody would be suing themeasy target.
Hypocrite. Watch Senator Obama defend "democratic debate' of Senate filibuster rules in 2005   the Democrats decided to kill the filibuster they now own it.Republicans should keep the new rule when they're in the majority.
Thomas Jefferson wrote the Senate filibuster rule. Harry Reid amp; Obama killed it yesterday.  Rule was in effect for over 200 years.
Such a nice article in the New York Times about a wonderful developer Arthur Zeckendorf   have the right approach to ObamaCare  let it fail.  Free market solutions will be embraced by Americans in 2016.
Its Friday. How many millions has the White House wasted on the ObamaCare website today?
Tom Brady is a good friend of mine a great player a great guy and a total winner! Fantastic comeback win-this is what our country needs!
John Kerry is openly celebrating the tenuous nuclear deal with Iran. Great dealmakers do not celebrate dealsthey just go on to the next one
The reason great dealmakers do not OPENLY celebrate a deal especially one that is not complete is that it shows weakness to the other side
I know it has been many years since our country made great deals but isn't it about time we start right now. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Best book ever on dealmaking (or so they say) - TRUMP: THE ART OF THE DEAL.  Go get it and others Washington - you really can do better!
After settling for a ridicilous 13 billion dollars J.P.Morgan's lawyer is critical of the amount of the fine-why did they settle then-DUMB!
Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities--keep your focus intact and focus on the positives.
Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge. Everything starts with you.
Who would  you rather have negotiating with Iran--President Obama or Toronto Mayor Ford? My money is on Ford.
Obama is going to take away over 90M Americans healthcare plans but he is letting Iran keep its nukes. Just think about that.
Why didn't Obama as part of the negotiation free the Christian Pastor Saeed Abedini?   worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it.  The Art of The Deal.
Just got home watching the news and every story is bad about the U.S. Someday we will return to being great again but we need leadership!
Don't worry THE UNITED STATES WILL BE GREAT AGAIN!
New poll WOW-53 say President Obama is not honest amp; trustworthy. What took them so long. Go back and look at his house purchase in Chicago
President Obama is finally getting hammered even by his most loyal supporters and the press-I guess they can only take so much!
Learn know and show. Its a proven formula. Put it to use starting today.  Think Like a Champion
 Thank you and Happy Thanksgiving.
Come celebrate Thanksgiving in the Windy City at  5 Star 5 Diamond "Sixteen" restaurant   "Donald Trump in New  Video"   Emin amp; family are wonderful people.
Reigning  Champion  does great work with  Donate to an Injured Warrior today  on the families. Price of electricity hit record high in October   Terrible especially during holiday season.
"Iranian officials say that the WH is misleading public about the details of an interim nuclear agreement"  $1B failed website is the tip of the iceberg on the ObamaCare. Over 90 million estimated will lose their plans next year.
Make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. It is a special time. Love and appreciate your family.
Tell Iran to let our Christian Pastor go--and I mean right now. If they don't there will be hell to pay.
Happy Thanksgiving to all--even the haters and losers!
US froze $8B in Iranian assets during 79 Hostage Crisis. Now Obama is giving it back to Iran while Christian Pastor is jailed. Don't do it!
Why doesn't President Obama simply apologize for telling a big fat lie announce that ObamaCare was a mistake and deal a really great plan!
Despite the fact that I have had great success with the words YOU'RE FIRED I do not like firing people. But ZERO on ObamaCare mess-no way!
Can you believe that "President" Karzai of Afghanistan is holding out for more more more and refuses to sign deal. Tell him to go to hell!
I truly believe that our country has the worst and dumbest negotiators of virtually any country in the world.
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE ENJOY YOUR DAY!
" Thanks to everyone supporting the petition to make the golden #eagle Scotland's national bird! Being KILLED by wind turbines
" Should the golden eagle be Scotland's national bird?  Won't be any left alive-wind turbines killing them all
 must fight to save the massive bird population which will be devastated by wind turbines in    the same man that released Pan Am terrorist for humane reasons will destroy Scotland with grotesque turbines!
  RSPB IS A TOTAL JOKE-They went for  bird chopping wind turbines in  and fought me on bird friendly golf course!
I am in Miami at Trump National Doral. Just gave out contract to build a new ballroom and luxury suites. Blue Monster complete-opens Dec 14.
Work begins on the Old Post Office in Washington D.C. in 3 months. It will soon become one of the great hotels of the world.
My ties shirts and cufflinks have never been more beautiful-THE BEST-available at Macy's!
Congratulations to Dubai on winning the rights to host Expo 2020! A great place winning a major global event.   International in Dubai  will be one of the great projects anywhere in the world. Congratulations to  for their genius!
Here we go again via   ... another bad deal.
If you don't have time to do it right when will you have time to do it over? - John Wooden
My father Fred Trump left me a relatively small amount of money (compared to where I am today-over $10 billion) but vast amount of knowledge
In making big money knowledge is far more important than any other ingredient including money itself!
"  You're one of the most educated handsome and sophisticated men that I know of. Men should aspire to be like you."  Thank you!
   Word is that the dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago hosted by the incomparable Lois Pope was fabulous. Big money raised for charity
Show me someone without an ego and I'll show you a loser - having a healthy ego or high opinion of yourself is a real positive in life!
People are always asking me about the very special word CONFIDENCE. The fact is there is (almost) nothing like it. Is derived from winning!
P.S. - There is also something really good to say about humility. Being confident and humble is a great combination maybe the best of all!
Just got back to New York from California. Will be on Fox  amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. ObamaCare and other disasters to be discussed
   Wow I just looked at the circulation numbers - Vanity Fair Magazine won't be around much longer it's really in bad shape!
"   did you tour  One of the best golf courses in the world with one of the best supers in Martin Howard" Thank you!
Obama said he never met his uncle Oscar who was arrested for whatever. Turns out he lived with his uncle in Boston. SO MANY LIES!
The Unaffordable Care Act sometimes referred to as ObamaCare is not working. Millions of people are losing their plans and doctors-fraud!
I really enjoy doing  every Monday at 7 AM.    and  are great people.
Just left Florida amazing how well State is doing-- jobs way up taxes down. Congrats to  read  book Shooting Straight and whether you love him or hate him (Im in the first category) it is terrific.
"                      - was so awesome u hosted  this week! Please give it ur utmost to #FreeSaeed!" I will!
"                      I look forward to your segment every week. Clear concise and common sense!" Thanks.
Via  "Scottish wind farm opposed by Donald Trump delayed" people do not fear forgiving for the sake of peace.  Nelson Mandela
"                    Everyone should look at what he has done amp; take notes if you want to be successful." Thx
As always amp; due to popular demand will be open  Christmas eve amp; day as well as New Year's eve amp; day  to   amp; Bobby Cox on all being unanimously elected to   Great leaders amp; managers.
Its time for  to enter   All time hits leader has paid the price.
Graydon Carter whose reign over failing  has been a disaster has acted in two movies--both bombed amp; got bad reviews.
Wheres the leadership? Obama only met with Sebelius ONCE since ObamaCare passed    His signature legislation...
WH claims it lied about Pres. Obama living with his uncle bc wasnt mentioned in his book. I guess Bill Ayers never knew about it!
"                      I look forward to you on Mondays! Always insightful conversations" Thanks
Bird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen just got delayed by at least two years. forced the failing developers to delay!
The ill-conceived windfarm that  is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it!
If Graydon Carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing Vanity Fair-his bad food restaurants die
Major League Baseball: The best thing you can do is let  all time hits leader---into the Hall of Fame. It's time!
State Senator Shirley Huntley "ratted" on black politicians amp; was believed--when she ratted on  nobody listened. Racism!
Naghmeh Abedini the lovely wife of the Christian Pastor Saeed being held in an Iranian jail just left my office. #savesaeed
Iran must immediately allow Christian #PastorSaeed out of prison or we should put back sanctions (which should never have been lifted)
Via  by  Trump: Obama blew chance to free U.S. pastor  use of official Attorney General stationary by lightweight   can NYS allow lightweight  to remain in office? What are JCOPE amp; Moreland Commissions waiting on?  meeting with  the wonderful wife of Christian Pastor Saeed who is in Iranian prison. #savesaeed  on MLB do the right thing! Let  into the Hall.  No drugsjust hard work and talent!
. and John Heilemanns  book Double Down is an excellent read on the just passed election. Great book congrats!  from the inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will.  Think Like a Champion
A beautiful view from my office today-  climbing a great hill one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.-- Nelson Mandela
I doubt it!
. claims he has "never stopped working fPastor Abedinis release through back channels."  Where are the results?
Re Kerry admitting to working for Pastor Abedinis release--why has US already released Iranian spies amp; nuclear scientist? Dumb!
President Obama's approval rating at 38 is at an all-time low. Gee I wonder why?
Why does Conde Nast allow dopey Graydon Carter to run bad food restaurants while running failing  magazine?
"         thank you for helping free Saeed Abedini. I pray God blesses you and that a Christmas miracle is in the works!" Thx
Let Pete into the Hall of Fame-         Happy Birthday Sarina.
The atrium of  dressed up for Christmas-  will be on Piers Morgan Live tonight at 9 p.m. on CNN. Tune in!
This is one of the COLDEST WINTERS ever freezing all over the country for long periods of time! So much for GLOBAL WARMING.
Via  by  TRUMP BLASTS OBAMA FOR FAILING TO SECURE CHRISTIAN PASTORS FREEDOM IN IRAN   " to Testify at New Congressional Hearing on Persecution of Pastor Saeed Abedini"  dinner last night at Megu 845 United Nations Plaza--fabulous food beautiful restaurant.
Via  by   "Trump Weighs In on Saeed: Obama 'Didnt Even Ask'"  Thanks Bristol!
Our prayers are with Rev.  for a speedy recovery. His faith continues to inspire us all.
A $1.5B website that can only handle 50K users at a time is sad but no surprise!
Exciting newsAfter massive construction the Blue Monster at Trump National Doral is open for business today.  hope you all are looking at the Donald J. Trump Signature Collection of ties shirts amp; cufflinks  for Christmas amp; holidays.
How amazing the State Health Director who verified copies of Obamas birth certificate died in plane crash today. All others lived
"                     A real president wouldn't take a selfie during ANY memorial service. #NelsonMandelaMemorial"
"                     Myself amp;  back in the summer.Great place amp; a great man.  Thx Mark
What a sad thing that the  memory of Nelson Mandela will be stained by the phoney sign language moron who is in every picture at funeral!
Can you believe that the corrupt and pathetic South Africa police force has yet to arrest the sign language guy. Such danger-give 10 years!
Economics behind ugly bird killing wind turbines do not work--will destroy Scotland's beautiful coastline. (cont)  complaint against  is a case study for JCOPE amp; Moreland Commissions on everything that is wrong with NYS politics.
Sources inside  office are saying that they are very concerned with the allegations against their lightweight boss.
The talk in Albany is that JCOPE amp; Moreland Commissions are taking my complaint against lightweight (cont)  killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen got delayed by at least two years. forced the failing developers to delay!
If Graydon Carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing Vanity Fair-his bad food restaurants die
The ill-conceived windfarm that  is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year. Only a fool would build it or want it!
Now Sebelius is 'urging' insurers to cover people who haven't paid   Complete mess. Enrollment Numbers are a sham.
Via  Please Pray for Me I Am Losing My Insurance    Just one of the millions of cases like this...
 #LieOfTheYear is Obamas if you like your health care plan you can keep it. Wrong. Its the lie of the decade.
The evidence continues to mount against lightweight   It is time for JCOPE and Moreland Commissions to act.
Is business success a natural talent? I think its a combination of aptitude work and luck.  Think Like a Champion
I really like Nelson Mandela but South Africa is a crime ridden mess that is just waiting to explode-not a good situation for the people!
  I love to see garbage properly disposed of which is why I like watching the dismal circulation numbers of Vanity Fair-IT'S DEAD
Have a GREAT weekend everybody - enjoy yourself but always keep your goals and aspirations in mind. Never lose sight of the victory ahead!
  The Donald J. Trump signature line of shirts ties really beautiful suits and cufflinks is the best Christmas amp; holiday gift by far
The United States is experiencing the coldest weather in decades with vast amounts of snow blanketing many states.Pendulum has swung to cool
"  I just bought one of his shirts for my wife's Christmas party. Great quality. Got lots of compliments!  Great!
President Obama and other world leaders don't know how close they were to being seriously injured (or worse) standing next to psycho in  SA.
Wow it's snowing in Isreal and on the pyramids in Egypt. Are we still wasting billions on the global warming con? MAKE U.S. COMPETITIVE!
59 of the United States by area is now covered in snow-highest  in many years. The "global warming" name isn't working anymore-SORRY!
They call it "climate change" now because the words "global warming" didn't work anymore. Same people fighting hard to keep it all going!
We should be focusing on beautiful clean air amp; not on wasteful amp; very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit! China amp; others are hurting our air
Wow just in-John Beale the top person in government on climate change (EPA) is a total fraud and just admitted it! What can they say now
Get to the essence immediately. Learn to economize. People appreciate brevity in todays world.  Think Like a Champion
Wow a really great review of my golf club in Scotland  in todaysgolferco.uk. Thank you!   Good luck on your real estate test - you will be the biggest star of all!
Who thinks that President Obama is totally incompetent?
Under President Obama do you think America will become a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY?
Prime Minister  is very foolish in giving  so much money to build wind turbines which r destroying Scotland.
No better place to celebrate New Years Eve than  the most elite hotel in downtown NYC  to Pres.Obama on having 3 of  biggest Pinocchios of the year   Great accomplishment!
When  defended Obama on Benghazi in the presidential debate she was defending a complete lie  beautiful MacLeod House amp; Lodge offers luxurious accommodations amp; dining w sea views   With our $17T debt amp; $90T in unfunded liabilities government blatantly wasted $30B this year  jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones. - Theodore Roosevelt
2013 is the worst year ever for Hollywood. Garbage released after garbage. What is going on in these studios?!
ObamaCare Story of the Day: Florida Cancer Patient Loses Insurance During Treatment BC of ObamaCare  "Best  of 2013":  Donald Trump at   is now a full blown training center for jihadists  Congratulations to the Obama administration.
FRACK NOW amp; FRACK FAST!!! American prosperity depends on it. Our economic renaissance is here.
I have never met a successful person that was a quitter. Successful people never ever give up!
You can attack defend counterattack sell or ignore. -Roger Ailes to Pres. Reagan during prep for 2nd Mondale debate '84 election
If you want the best youd better be the best  in all aspects of business.  Think Like a Billionaire
The Trump Signature Collection is the best menswear design for young entrepreneurs. Great style amp; design exclusively available  are important but first Repubs must repeal ObamaCare. It's an unsustainable monstrosity that's destroying our healthcare.
For all of those that think life is easy amp; dont want to work remember: HOPE IS THE POOR MANS BREAD.
I just left the Trump Tower atrium--it is packed with great people. #1 tourist attraction in NYC-- Fun!  #TrumpTower
The more time you spend feeling sorry for yourself the more time you waste after a setback. Move on and quickly embrace the next challenge!
The coolest story is that John Beale the man who headed up CLIMATE CHANGE for the government is a proven con man and total phoney.ARRESTED
Go to Macy's today and buy Trump ties shirts suits and cufflinks as a Christmas or holiday present.Great style great price! ONLY THE BEST
Enough about my ties etc.  but they are doing really big numbers - people love them (and  loves Trump)!
New York Republican leader  is pushing my friend  into political suicide. Results wont be pleasant!
I am so honored by all the great NY State Repubs who came to my office called amp; wrote for me to run for Governor. If I do I will win.
#TBT Taking piano lessons from my friend Elton John.  cuts to welfare no cuts to food stamps amp; NOT A SINGLE CUT TO OBAMACARE yet the new budget cuts military benefits. Sad!
Pres. Obama is about to embark on a 17 day vacation in his native Hawaii putting Secret Service away from families on Christmas. Aloha!
Every day Pastor Saeed is imprisoned by Iran is an indictment on Obamas diplomacy. #SaveSaeed
A really nice article about the Blue Monster from The Street.       Entrepreneurs  the Holiday season is here but that is no excuse not to stay on top of your business prospects. Focus!
Cant fool Americans. 57 of uninsured hate ObamaCare  Reality is less will be insured bc of this monstrosity.
ObamaCare Horror Story: Navigators Tell Applicants To Lie Like Administration   strikes again!
Build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points. - Knute Rockne
If you fail once twice three times it doesn't matter. Learn from your mistakes and push forward to VICTORY-the sweetest feeling there is!
White House relaxes penalty for canceled health policies a major blow  to the sustainability (and concept) of ObamaCare! They are desperate
Rated Toronto's #1 hotel  has 261 guest rooms amp; suites furnished in elegant cosmopolitan style.   with holiday celebrations members amp; staff are enjoying the first Christmas season at   National Hudson Valley's 7693 yd par 72 course features one of the country's great golf courses.  Friday. How many people have been forced off their plans and lost their doctors today because of ObamaCare?
What's with this rap stuff with me and Ebenezer Scrooge?  strike brings me closer to the next home run. - Babe Ruth
If you cant adapt to new situations then you will never be successful. Every change is a new opportunity to use your talent.
Guess what folks--the ObamaCare website just went down again. What a disaster.
Lightweight  is pushing for the Moreland Commission to be disbanded immediately--because he is being looked at!
Secret Service members on break from Obamas $4M vacation are more than welcomed to relax at Hawaiis top hotel  a highly overrated architect has had many problems with buildings he has designed.
. Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the Freedom Tower to get out of a lease with Conde Nast?
Personally I think Douglas Durst's brother got screwed by Douglas--no wonder he's angry.
If you don't believe in yourself no one else will.
Remember THE HARDER YOU WORK THE LUCKIER YOU GET!
It was 25 years ago today that Pan Am flight 103 was downed by a terrorist killing 270 innocent people.  released the terrorist!
With the very dangerous carjacking epidemic going on especially in New York and New Jersey you would be lucky to have a gun for protection
The Herschel Walker interview on The Tim McCarver Show was  fantastic-much can be learned from watching. Congrats to Herschel and Tim!
  GREAT interview with Tim McCarver! Have a fantastic Christmas and New Year.
#HasJustineLandedYet- Justine what the hell are you doing are you crazy? Not nice or fair! I will support  Justine is FIRED!
Will be on Fox amp; Friends tomorrow morning at 7.00 - hope you enjoy!
 Find work that you love--you have to be passionate about it to succeed. Then focus and never give up!
Entrepreneurs: Be ready for problems--you'll have them every day. Keep open to new ideas--that's where innovation begins.
Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge--everything starts with you.
Did you ever not do something that had you done it would have turned out to be a disaster. Never look back just learn from your experience!
SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE!
The new Pope is a humble man very much like me which probably explains why I like him so much!
I hope everybody is having a FANTASTIC Christmas! No matter how tough things may seem remember that you will ride it out amp; go on to victory!
O.K. Christmas is over now we can all go back to the wars of life. Focus focus focus-never accept defeat -push hard for total victory!
"Do your homework. Wasting other people's time due to poor planning will only leave a bad impression."- Think Like a Billionaire
Celebrating New Year's Eve in the Windy City? Join  for the chic amp; elegant Cirque Soiree Celebration  you to  amp; Jeffrey Lord for the lovely article Governor Trump? The conservative Nelson Rockefeller.  With Barbara Walters on my helicopter going somewhere.  is really too bad that the scientists studying GLOBAL WARMING in Antarctica got stuck on their icebreaker because of massive ice and cold
"Be on time. Wasting other people's time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression." - Think Like a Champion
Via   "Mar-a-Lago to host top equestrian jumpers: Trump Invitational will benefit 90 area charities."   As a major fan of Nelson Mandela and the people of South Africa all of my statements are made with love. Protect his legacy now
" Thank you for your response - we live in a beautiful country amp; invite you to visit - we will host you amp; show you the beauty"
Will be working with contractors at Trump National Doral in Miami today.
" I could sleep tonight if you told me we will see  on Celebrity Apprentice before I die."She would be great
The rescue icebreaker trying to free the ship of the GLOBAL WARMING scientists has turned back-the ice is  massive (a record). IRONIC!
We should be focused on clean and beautiful air-not expensive and business closing GLOBAL WARMING-a total hoax!
The global warming  scientists don't want to be airlifted off the ship-they are having too much fun and that is too simple a solution-FAME!
We're coming up on the NEW YEAR-It is really important that despite so many stupid decisions being made in Washington we make it BEST EVER
In the upcoming New Year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total VICTORY in all we do!
Temperature at record lows in many parts of the country. 50 degrees below zero with wind chill in large area. Global warming folks iced in!
Entrepreneurs  be tough resolute amp; trustworthy. The most crucial time to build your reputation is when you start making deals.
What the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING. The planet is freezing the ice is building and the G.W. scientists are stuck-a total con job
The con artists changed the name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE when GLOBAL WARMING was no longer working and credibility was lost!
Spend your last day of 2013 contemplating the moves you will make in 2014 to make it your best year ever!
Bring in 2014    NYE soire -- NYC's most exclusive New Year's Eve Party wSoHi amp;   is the first blank page of a 365-page book. Write a good one.   sure to have fun and celebrate NYE with friends and family. Happy New Year everyone!
When it comes to money finance and even life PROTECT THE DOWNSIDE AND THE UPSIDE WILL TAKE CARE OF ITSELF!
Have a happy successful and healthy New Year!
Today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it!
This very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit has got to stop. Our planet is freezing record low tempsand our GW scientists are stuck in ice
The only Forbes 5 Star amp; 5 Diamond hotel with a 5 Star amp; 5 Diamond restaurant  offers elite luxury  are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present. Keep that in mind when looking for opportunities.
"Thinking big is the driving force that has forged all the great achievements in modern life." - Think Big
It's Jan. 2. President Obama should end his vacation early amp; get back to Washington to straighten out the ObamaCare catastrophe--or end it.
Snowden should come back to America and face justice. Instead he is begging for clemency from Moscow. Treat him as a spy.
Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the attack. - Sun Tzu
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.--Henry David Thoreau
A regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons. Learning is a new beginning.
Try to develop a tempo when you're working--momentum is something you have to work at to maintain amp; is an important element of success.
Via  by Peter Millard: "Trump Helps Rio Builders After Olympics: Corporate Brazil"  has great campaigns. Support one today  is the top public course in the country with magnificent Pacific Ocean views   to the new ObamaCare reality  Doctor spent 2 hours on hold winsurance company to get approval for surgery  snowfall amp; freezing temps throughout the country. Where is Global Warming when you need it?!
The future is always beginning now. -  Mark Strand former Poet Laureate
Looking forward to hosting the  House Majority 2014 Golf Tournament at Trump Int'l West Palm Beach on Jan. 27th.
Congratulations to  on his five year anniversary as the anchor  Brett is great!
"Stay confident even when something bad happens. It is just a bump in the road. It will pass." - Think Big
Achievers move forward at all times. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you're expanding your net worth.
Identify your goals. Know precisely what you want to achieve study the best people in your fieldand then plan the best route for success.
Please  go back to your original menu and preparation. Believe me it was much better. Let me know when the change is made!
While I am a critic of President Obama I hate it when someone (Robert Gates) writes a self serving negative book about his boss.
Why didnt Gates resign if he was so unhappy about what he was being told by Obama? The fact is Iraq etc. have always been disasters!
Tomorrow is the 10 year anniversary of the Apprentice one of the biggest hits in television history. How time flies!
The news about our beautiful Miss Venezuela Monica Spear is devastating to all who knew her. A spectacular woman she will be missed.
Offshore wind is a dead duck in Scotland and its time Alex Salmond manned up stopped blaming Westminster (cont)  everybody for the Happy Birthday greetings but its actually the 10th birthday of The Apprentice. My birthday is June 14th....
Via  Donald Trump Plans Huge Towers In Rio For Post-Olympic Building Boom  of the world's tallest buildings  is not only a 5 star hotel but has 5 star dining options  Trump Organization continues to expand internationally at a record pace. Many new announcements to come soon.
Be tough be smart be personable but don't take things personally. That's good business.
Focus on your goals not your problems. Problems are a mind exercise--learn to play beyond your comfort zone.
Anticipate change and embrace it. Recognize new developments that you can capitalize on and use to open new doors.
Understand that difficulties mistakes amp; setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life. Don't allow them to knock you off your feet.
Focus on your goals not on fixed patterns. Do what's necessary and what's unnecessary will be made clear.
Best speech in #GoldenGlobes history-   I get my inspiration for what I do everyday from you."  So nice thanks!
Gabriel Shermans book on Roger Ailes is filled with falsehoods and inaccuracies. Publisher should be ashamed (and sued).
The Senate should immediately vote on the Iranian sanctions bill. What is the delay? Iran is already breaking its agreement with Obama
Where is the progress in the state of New York over the last three years? There is none--only backwards.
Winning takes talent to repeat takes character. - John Wooden
I would like to thank a great writer and person  of REAL ESTATE WEEKLY for the wonderful story on me. Very much appreciated!
   Thanks Ted see you at the show!
I hope we never find life on another planet because if we do there's no doubt that the United States will start sending them money!
Department of Homeland Security has spent $3.5 billion dollars building their new headquarters and is years late and billions over budget!
To be a winner think like a winner. Practice positive thinking--with reality checks.
Hope you enjoy the story in the highly respected Real Estate Weekly  story on front page of NYTimes about lightweight    Does Eric wear eyeliner?
Lightweight  is fighting with  Cuomo wins that one easily. Schneiderman is a total loser.
Great article by  Jeffrey Lord: The Reagan Revolution. And now the  Revolution?  forward to being hosted by  for Politics amp; Eggs next Tuesday. See you in Manchester! #NHPolitics
 continues to push the limits on political and investigative reporting! Andrews legacy lives on.
Senate concludes Benghazi could have been prevented  leader Ed Coxs record is abysmal--no victories. Hopefully he can turn things around.
Talent wins games but teamwork and intelligence wins championships. - Michael Jordan
Trust your instincts. They are there for a reason. Without instincts you'll have a hard time getting to--and staying at--the top.
To get momentum you must first focus on a specific goal with passion and intensity.
 and  who I like are intent on another New York State suicide mission. They've got to get their act together!
Wow just heard that that next Tuesdays  Politics amp; Eggs is the largest crowd ever. Looking forward to making new friends.
Rising over Bay Street  brings opulent luxury along with our famous world-class amenities to the Queen City  be really successful it is always good to have A COOL HEAD WARM HEART AND BEAUTIFUL COMMON TOUCH!
" Trump Int'l is one of the best golf courses I have ever played amp; that is saying something" True thx  producer Harvey Weinstein who lost his company to Colony Capital is against guns but makes movies w major gun violence--really!
"                      is the best choice for NY it's time for a real leader in NY again. #NYGOP" Thanks.
WWII vs. Now! During the 3 12 years of World War II that started with the Japanese bombing of Pearl Harbor (cont)  you think you can or think you can't--you're right."  Henry Ford
People often ask me the secret to my success and the answer is simple: passion focus and hard work. Momentum keeps it all going.
Excited for tomorrows Politics amp; Eggs  co-hosted by  amp;  Live stream here  amp; Change! China now controls a record number of our debt   never a loser until you quit trying. - Mike Ditka
" "I like thinking big. If youre going to be thinking anything you might as well think big." -Donald Trump #BeEpic"
" Just left  what an amazing spot.  and his team have done an incredible job. Go see for yourself #doral
Learning to expect problems saved me from a lot of wasted energy. Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves.
Happy Anniversary to my wonderful wife  -- a truly great decision by me!  Today is my 61st birthday .The best gift I could receive is a retweet from you. Supporting you in 2016" Happy Birthday.
Set high standards and meet them. The proof is in the doing: learn by doing and taking risks.
Will be leaving Palm Beach for the 11 A.M. ceremony opening the magnificent GARY PLAYER VILLA at Trump Nationak Doral Miami. GARY IS GREAT!
Great   piece by  on my visit to  for  amp;  Politics amp; Eggs   never know when the tide is going to turn in your favor. It's important to never give up on yourself." -- Think Like a Champion
"You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else."  Albert Einstein
Honored to be named as one of businesss Top Leaders Icons and Rebels by   Vote Trump!
Great day yesterday at   unveiling the new Gary Player Villa  Gary is a champion and a great guy.
90 stories over midtown New York Trump World Towers glass curtain wall is a true landmark  all of those who have been asking a big cast announcement coming soon for  WSJ. Wake up  before you destroy Scotland.     times are difficult you must be even more focused. Thats when you will find profitable opportunities.
Have the right mindset for the job. See your work as an art form--which means paying attention to every detail.
"  It all starts at Doral !! The best in all of the WORLD will face the test of The NewBlueMonster!
"  thanks for all the inspirational tweets ..I like to.learn from the best"  Thank you!
NBC News just called it the great freeze - coldest weather in years. Is our country still spending money on the GLOBAL WARMING HOAX?
" Don't forget. "Global warming" can also mean earth is getting colder! That way they cover both sides of the fence!"
Any and all weather events are used by the GLOBAL WARMING HOAXSTERS to justify higher taxes to save our planet! They don't believe it $$$$!
Do you really believe our once great country can continue to survive with incompetent leadership. The answer is no and we better move fast!
"  What's obvious to you seems to elude most people's vision."
Will be on Fox amp; Friends at 7.00 -  Enjoy!
"  Tell it like it is Sir. Don't pull any punches. Keep up the good work." I will thanks!
Afghanistan's so called leader Karzai is toying with the U.S.
Give your goals substance. Imbue them with a value that exceeds the monetary. Make them count on as many levels as you can.
Passion gives great momentum and can be the catalyst for great achievement.
For entrepreneurs ignorance is not bliss. It's fatal. It's costly. And it's for losers. You either get organized or get crushed.
Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.-- Thomas A. Edison
Apple's iPhone sales fell way short-they must go to a larger screen as alternative fast (as I said long ago)! Samsung's size much better.
I predicted Apple's stock fall based on their dumb refusal to give the option of a larger  iPhone screen like Samsung. I sold my Apple stock
"  When? If it was before today you're good. If you sold it today not that good..." I sold it last week!
"  When will you come to my home-country India to see the progress of Trump Towers in Pune?" Very soon!
Steve Jobs is spinning in his grave - Apple has lost both vision and momentum - must move fast to get magic back!
How much is New York State spending on that obnoxious T.V. commercial that is being played endlessly for a tax incentive that doesn't work?
"It's not that I'm so smart it's just that I stay with problems longer." -- Albert Einstein
Creativity and control can go hand in hand. Brainpower is the ultimate leverage.
"Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art.Making money is art amp; working is art amp; good business is the best art." A. Warhol
Snowing in Texas and Louisiana record setting freezing temperatures throughout the country and beyond. Global warming is an expensive hoax!
" Can't wait until 2016 when DT is POTUS. So that I can stop listening to problems with our economy in the State of the Union."
The weather has been so cold for so long that the global warming HOAXSTERS were forced to change the name to climate change to keep $ flow!
Give me clean beautiful and healthy air - not the same old climate change (global warming) bullshit! I am tired of hearing this nonsense.
I will be on the Mike amp; Mike Show on radio and ESPN-at about 6 to 7 A.M. We will be talking Super Bowl and sports-no Obama Care!
Mike amp; Mike in one minute!
It was great being on  in the Morning (ESPN)two great guys fantastic show!
The  returns to  on March 6th  Watch top golfers of the world battle the Blue Monster!
Thanks to everyone for your support on  Top Leaders Icons and Rebels vv  Thanks for voting Trump!
Welcome to the new reality! Moodys just downgraded the entire US health insurance industry because of ObamaCare.
Now the UN is attacking  franchise  With all the world's problems is this really a top priority?
Always leave your ego at the door during negotiations. Remember its only business and there will always be another day!
The cheapest natural gas in the world is in the United States. -  received a wonderful letter from a new father who bought his son his first book The Art of the Deal. Great parent!
Wow honored to just pass 2.5M followers on  Thanks to all my followers. We are going to have a great year together.
"If you can't say great things about yourself who do you think will?" - Think Like a Champion
Once ObamaCare is fully enacted in NY conveniently after 2014 expect higher premiums bigger deductibles amp; worse care. Job killer!
Patriotism is supporting your country all the time and your government when it deserves it. - Mark Twain
With  and  at the opening of the  Villa at    conference at the opening of the  Villa at  .  comedian Bill Maher who I got an accidental glimpse of the other night is really a dumb guy just look at his past!
Remember when "comedian" Bill Maher openly praised the disgusting terrorists who destroyed the World Trade Center-then got canned by ABC?
Ellen was so awkward and insecure last night. The pizza skit was terrible. She should dump Andy Lassner a guy with no absolutely no talent!
I have always liked Ellen done her show numerous times but she was not good last night - fumbling and stumbling!
  Ellen you should get rid of Andy Lassner - the guy has absolutely no imagination or talent. Good try last night!
Very exciting week for  I will be in Miami opening what will soon be best resort in U.S. World Golf Championship this week!
Plane was carrying those terrible lithium ion batteries which are highly combustible as cargo. Fire could have started in cockpit.
Lithium ion batteries should  not be allowed to be used in aircraft. I won't fly on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner - it uses those batteries.
Looks like plane may have been found in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Australia.
" . what is ur favorite plane?"  Boeing 757 and Citation X.
We are excited to announce Trump Estates at Akoya by DAMAC luxury villas situated byTrump Intl Golf Links Dubai  turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out."  --  John Wooden
"Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again this time more intelligently." -- Henry Ford
President Obama was able to fool the Americans by getting elected but not able to fool Vladimir Putin. Too bad for us!
We're spending a fortune looking for the lost plane with mostly Chinese passengers and that's OK-but how much are Russia amp; China spending?
I don't hate Obama at all I just think he is an absolutely terrible president maybe the worst in our history!
While Putin is scheming and beaming on how to take over the World President Obama is watching March Madness (basketball)!
President Obama be cool be smart be sharp and FOCUS (no more March Madness) and you can beat Putin at his own game. IT CAN BE DONE!
"Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential."  -- Winston Churchill
Great advice from my father: "Know everything you can about what you're doing." -- Fred C. Trump
Great advice from my mother: Trust in God and be true to yourself.  Mary MacLeod Trump
Putin has become a big hero in Russia with an all time high popularity. Obama on the other hand has fallen to his lowest ever numbers. SAD
I believe Putin will continue to re-build the Russian Empire. He has zero respect for Obama or the U.S.!
We should be building up our military and our missile defense systems to their highest levels ever. Must be very strong to prosper amp; survive
The situation with Russia is much more dangerous than most people may think - and could lead to World War III. WE NEED GREAT LEADERSHIP FAST
Obama must now FOCUS get his mind off "March.Madness" and LEAD! Watch Russia closely work hard on the economy and get rid of ObamaCare!
I wonder if Apple is upset with me for hounding them to produce a large screen iPhone. I hear they will be doing it soonlong overdue.
Obama should stop running down the stairs when getting off Air Force One.  Doesnt look presidential and at some point he will take a fall.
Thank you to  amp; Sports Illustrated   for the really nice piece about me. March 17 2014 issue     When will #CelebrityApprentice be back? I miss TV's best reality show!"  Very soon--shooting now!
" If  buys the  and keeps them in Buffalo he'll become a legend."    buy the  we need proven success." you buying  would be the biggest thing since they were in 4 straight super bowls. Great for them amp;   you will be the savior of the city of buffalo. Please buy the bills"  now estimates that over 2.5M will lose jobs directly because of ObamaCare. REPEAL now before it is too late.
Remember if you dont sell yourself no one else will. Make sure the public friends amp; the business community hears about your success.
"The harder you work the harder it is to surrender." -   Head Coach Marv Levy
Why did Pres Obama remove sanctions against Iran prior to negotiating rather than completing successful negotiation amp; then remove sanctions?
The West Coast's most luxurious public course  features spectacular panoramic Pacific Ocean views  enrollment lie: Obama counts an enrollee as a web user putting a plan in their online shopping carts   for the middle class electricity prices surged to an all-time high this past March  FRACK NOW
I was always a big fan of Kim Novak and still ama wonderful actress.
I think somebody should pick Johnny Football - he will be a star.
Great pick by Buffalo - Sammy Watkins will be GREAT!
   Jerry GREAT pick - you will have a really good season!
Teams are making a big mistake not taking Johnny Manziel - he is going to be really good (and exciting to watch).
Cleveland just made a very wise decision - congrats!
Do your homework. Wasting other peoples time due to poor planning or thoughtlessness leaves a bad impression.  Think Like a Billionaire
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.-- Vince Lombardi
Can you conquer the Blue Monster? Book a tee time  right here  you are steadfast in your efforts critics will be harmless. Achievers move forward and achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning.
Be flexible enough to adjust to changing circumstances.  Think Big
Don't wait for dire circumstances to test your quick-thinking ability. Be on alert at all times.
"  "Art of The Deal" just arrived at my house. Cannot wait to start reading this book.." Thanks enjoy.
Be a cautious optimist. Call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks.
Via  Donald Trump visits his newly-purchased Turnberry golf resort  a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. -- Steve Jobs
Advice from my mother Mary MacLeod Trump: "Trust in God and be true to yourself."
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.  Pres. Abraham Lincoln
Great  story about our conversion of the Old Post Office building in D.C. to luxury hotel-  The Spa offers 5 star services w 12 treatment rooms amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the skyline  means basic inborn elemental. If you have an intrinsic value it cannot be taken away." - Think Like a Champion
My speech to  yesterday at the #NPCLunch on the topic of building a business brand via   on your goals not your problems. And remember--problems are a mind exercise--so enjoy the challenge.
Entrepreneurs: Be prepared and be tough. Cover your bases! There are a lot of ups and downs but you can ride them out if you're prepared.
"  even after making billions what keeps you motivated?" If you have passion for your work you will be motivated
Have you ever seen our country look weaker or more pathetic: Snowden ObamaCare VA Russia jobs decimated military debt and so much more
Snowden is a liar.and a fraud!
"  A Trump Makeover for Washingtons Old Post Office   Bringing a touch of class back to DC - well done!" Thx
#TBT Here I am with  and    should run for president." Thank you!
Today at 1:30PM CT I will be addressing  in New Orleans  Will focus on how to fix our great country.
Via  by  Trump Says U.S. Brand Has Lost Its Luster                                         one beautiful course" Thank you.
My speech to  on Tuesday at the #NPCLunch on the topic of building a business brand via   Dunes of  are a world treasure threading thru  Scotland top Par 72 7400 yd course  vets are the pride of our nation. The VA scandal is a disgrace.If you can get food stamps so fast our vets should get immediate care
Our country is on the precipice. Washington is broken. Where is the leadership?
The American worker is being victimized by our trade policies. We need smart trade which can only be accomplished by smart dealmakers.
. The Spa offers 5 star services w 12 treatment rooms amp; 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the skyline  READ  via  VA Scandal Grows As Bonuses Went To Worst Hospitals  is a traitor and a disgrace. Make no mistake he is no hero. In fact he is a coward who should come back amp; face justice.
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude. -    You are such a great team I work with my daughter and I can understand the dynamic." Thank you.
#TheArsenioHallShow   Well it had to happen. People that are disloyal in the long run never make it. Arsenio was just cancelled!
"  To all the liberal do gooders this is the Plague you idiots! No cure!  You may have confidence in the CDC but I don't!"
"  U need 2 run 4 office"
The U.S. must immediately stop all flights from EBOLA infected countries or the plague will start and spread inside our "borders." Act fast!
The fact that we are taking the Ebola patients while others from the area are fleeing to the United States is absolutely CRAZY-Stupid pols
" I find  and his tweets thoroughly entertaining!"
" Looking forward to my work week in #Chicago and my favorite Rooftop restaurant  best view!   They knew the risk when they went to Africa. They choose it freely."
"  i agree it does seem crazy"
"  He seems to be doing the right thing. He's taking a stand for America and asking 4 some common sense about Ebola."
. works really hard but is a guy who just doesn't have it - a total loser!
"   Explain? He's a pollster?"  Yes but a really bad (and boring) one!
"  I hate myself for following you..." But you just have no control over yourself you need Trump so badly!
" . for prez 2016 cuz #america"
" Mr Trump sir how many presidents from the last 50 years will you be better than when you become president? All of them?" All!
Isis terror group has now fully taken over large sections of Iraq and will soon have control of massive oil reserves. I told you so.
We should have taken the oil in Iraq and now our mortal enemies have got it and with no opposition. Really dumb U.S. pols! I'm so angry!
One of the tallest office buildings in downtown NYC 40 Wall Street is a classic Art Deco building  Bill Vescio of Briarcliff  Manor Westchester is doing a terrible job. Horrible roads high taxes housing down.   Manor should get a better town manager. Philip Zegarelli has no cluebad roads a total puppet of the mayor?   on your goals not your problems. Don't tread water. Get out there and go for it.
Achievers move forward at all times. Achievement is not a plateau it's a beginning.
A doctor on NBC Nightly News agreed with me-we should not bring Ebola into our country through two patients but should bring docs to them.
The bigger problem with Ebola is all of the people coming into the U.S. from West Africa who may be infected with the disease. STOP FLIGHTS!
"  New York City hospital testing patient for possible Ebola infection...  Hello!
" Oh Donald. Don't ever change  I will try not to!
" Our current government doesn't have the balls to do what needs to be done....Yet ANOTHER reason for you to Run!"
" In the end youre measured not by how much you undertake but what you finally accomplish - Donald Trump
"   Any plans for a trump building in Toronto Mr.Trump." Already have a great one Trump International hotel
" I really like the #Trump collection quality is outstanding Feel like a #billionaire wearing it.   Your opinions on #Ebola were outstanding and intelligent. If only we could channel some of this common sense to the WH.."
" I agree! MT  Doctor on  agreed we should not bring #Ebola into country in two patients bring docs to them."
So many people are agreeing with me on not creating a "highway" for Ebola to the U.S. Started in small area of Africa and now spreading fast
" Just bought a  tie from  it's beautiful great style" Great they are top quality at reasonable price
Our government now imports illegal immigrants and deadly diseases. Our leaders are inept.
Doctors have already died treating Ebola   We should not be importing the disease to our homeland.
Being true to yourselfwill give you a lot of power over any negatives thrown your way.  Midas Touch
Thank you  for dedicating your birthday today to the  for  Click here to donate:   by Eugene R. Dunn: Impeach Obama and elect Trump  to  on being named the  Power Player of the Week  ultimate vacation destination  sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind  Tuesday. How many fundraisers travelling on the taxpayer dime will Obama hold today?
The $200M in renovations of Trump Intl Washington DC are on track. The Old Post Office is being transformed into true luxury.
We are going through contentious primaries now but the GOP must unite. Lets take the Senate and stop Obamas dangerous agenda.
The Village  offers a variety of 5 Star dining experiences for everyday dining amp; catered affairs  to  on his recent 26th year anniversary. Rush has revolutionized talk radio! Sorry haters and losers!
Think big. Stay focused. Be passionate. Dont ever give up
Thanks  for your nice statement   I just want to do as well as you have with  See u soon
The belief that security can be obtained by throwing a small state to the wolves is a fatal delusion.-Winston Churchill
SECURE THE BORDER! BUILD A WALL!
"  I hate to admit it but I'm with you on this one."
Learning never exhausts the mind. -- Leonardo da Vinci
Remain open to new ideas. That's where innovation begins.
Investors are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present.
Vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
With over 260 5 Star guest rooms amp; suites  is 65 stories of pure luxury in the center of downtown Toronto  in South Ayrshire Scotland  offers diverse dining options suitable for any occasion  entrepreneurs  remember quality and results are the key metrics to success.
Discipline is a key ingredient for success. It will build character motivation and bring opportunity.
" Donald Trump by  will forever be one of my favs "  I understand why!
" One of Donald Trump's philosophies: "If someone screws you screw them back ten times worse" I have heard of far worse!
" Watch out Sir! My daughter and I are the next Donald amp; Ivanka! I'm coming for you...with a business proposal of course!"
" Can't wait till  is president" I don't blame you things would get really good really fast!
"  for president #2016"
" RT  We should not be importing the disease to our homeland. Completely agree Mr. Trump."
"    Donald Trump and his son Eric Trump do massive amount of charity" Thank you!
These are something I just can't buy. Excited for the   premiums rising 13.2 in 2015  Elections have consequences!
" You have to admit  was correct Valhalla much better course to the eye than Pinehurst. #notamuni" So true!
Sorry I wont be able to do  at 7 AM on Mondaywill be in India.
What other country tells the enemy when we are going to attack like Obama is doing with ISIS. Whatever happened to the element of surprise?
The new winner of the  pageant K. Lee Graham  of  top public courses  course stands as a testament to the greatness of golf    Surprise only happens when Obama does something right. You can expect no surprises." True.
. Dozens of key staffers fleeing  office   by Editorial Board: New Yorks mute   Schneiderman is feckless and corrupt.
Iraq is more dangerous today than any time under Saddam. War was a mistake as I said from the very beginning. Bush amp; Obama should apologize
With 18 beautiful holes each boasting unique characteristics Trump Natl Philadelphia is a Golf treasure  will send troops back into Iraq combat zone. Dont believe anything he says. Just covering for his mistakes.
"  for all of your faults whole lot of common sense coming from this twitter account." Thanks sort of!
"Ebola's spread is 'unprecedented' says CDC chief"   CDC which is bringing Ebola to US misplaced samples of anthrax earlier this year   Be careful.
"  best ties anywhere class all the way"  Thanks.
If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles. -   Sun Tzu
"   Trump University had 98 approval ratingsbeats Harvard NYU amp; other top universities"
"  when is Celebrity Apprentice returning? Love that show amp; you!" In the Fall thanks!
" Donald Trump Still My Favorite Song!!"
" I just bought #ArtOfTheDeal and #ThinkBig  Great enjoy!
" Obama is partying at The WH with corrupt African leaders Christians are being killed by ISIS with American weapons."
"  wish he would just resign he is hurting America now other parts of the world Obama is a disaster"
"  u need to have a talk show of your own. It would really be big because u have interesting views." I agree
"  Bush never should've sent our troops there to begin with!"I have said that for many years bad judgement
"  A quote you'd like. You have undertaken to cheat me. I won't sue you for the law is too slow. I'll ruin you. -Vanderbilt"
"  Donald Trump amp; Ben Carson 2016" Wow!
The World as we know it is falling apart. Much of the blame can be attributed to the fact that the United States is no longer respected!
We need a President who isn't a laughing stock to the entire World. We need a truly great leader a genius at strategy and winning. Respect!
" We need smart people like  in office -  he can get America back on it's feet"
"  Home or abroad this President hasn't put one dent into any of our problems. In many cases made things worse."
"    If Mr. Trump was our next POTUS our economy would improve amp; jobs would be created.
Tom Brady played great today. He is a total champ and a really nice guy a rare combination!
Now Obama is keeping our soldiers in Afghanistan for at least another year. He is losing two wars simultaneously.
Congress greatest card against Obama is the power of the purse. Use it!
Via  by  to stay at Trumps hotel for '17 inauguration?Pick the next POTUS."  is community organizing from the Oval Office on Ferguson today. More riots sure to follow.
If ObamaCare should not be repealed then why has Obama amp; Congress exempted their staffs?
"    you should put her on #CelebrityApprentice just to fire her!"  First night!
No surprise.  is failing on  ratings.Malcontent" amp; another season is "out of the question"  Say what you want about this: #ISIS would not exist under President    is marvelous for calling out the notorious bozo  Never laughed so hard.
Lifestyle unveils Trump Home brand in GCC  via  is dependent on effort. - Sophocles
Via Newsmax. Nice article thank you so much.    sad that Burt Reynolds has lost all of his money. I wish he came to me for advice--he would be rich as hell!
Tickets are now available for the 2015  at  March 4-8:  entrepreneurs: Your success is measured by results. Be productive in the face of challenges. Setbacks are not fatal.
Brainpower is the ultimate leverage. Keep your focus intact!
Via  by  "Trump to speak at  in West Des Moines"   "Real Estate Magnate Donald J. Trump to Headline 2015  in West Des Moines Iowa"  our national debt topped a record $18T. Over 44 has accrued under Obama. A real mess.
Its Tuesday. How many more The View Execs will leak that they want  gone? Show is failing.
In the very least Congress must defund Obamas unconstitutional amnesty order.
We're missing a lot of information on autism. Support  project by visiting mss.ng #MSSNG
 Announces  to Create Golf Course for Trump World Golf Club Dubai  via   by  Donald Trump: Obamas Jobless Figures Phony. Economists agree.   imposing dunes on the rugged Aberdeenshire coastline  Championship Course is a masterpiece  longer you play the better chance the better player has of winning. -  sad amp; dangerous that soon to be ex-Intelligence Chair Dianne Feinstein released the CIA report. Glad she is losing her Comm. Chair.
ObamaCare continues to increase insurance premiums amp; raise record deductibles. New Congress must use every tool to defund.
Glad to see RomneyCareObamaCare architect Gruber being eviscerated on the Hill today. He should return all taxpayer money he was paid.
Via  by   to design Trump course in Dubai    no one could run our country better lt;3"
ICYMI   described my Monday  speech  as one of my best and most riveting  forward to being hosted amp; interviewed next Monday by David Rubenstein at the      by  "Trump adds events to his Iowa trip next month"   Donald Trump To Speak At The Iowa Freedom Summit in Des Moines on January 24th  architect Gruber apologized for his comments. He should apologize for the $2T monstrosity amp; return all taxpayer money.
Generals don't panic; then the troops never panic. -  is a disaster at operating the new World Trade Center. It takes forever for workers or visitors to get in with impossible security.
People are really unhappy with the endless security checks at the new World Trade Center. Durst is a terrible manager. Tenants furious!
Conde Nast made a big mistake going into the World Trade Center. The place is a total disaster and I feel this is only the beginning!
Entrepreneurs: View any conflict as an opportunity. Being positive could lead you into a fortunate situation.
Entrepreneurs:  See yourself as victorious. Look at the solution not the problem. And never give up!
Entrepreneurs: Cover your bases. Know everything you can about what you're doing. Then go with your gut. Your instincts r there for a reason
I will miss  amp; doing his show. He was always intriguing amp; smart. You never knew what would happen --  but he was fair!
Obama amp; Democrat leaders did a great disservice by releasing the papers on torture. The world is laughing at usthey think we are fools!
Policy towards our enemies: Hit them hard hit them fast hit them often amp; then tell them it was because they are the enemy!
Via  by  Trump heads to Iowa as '16 speculation rises   by  Trump: ObamaCare Not Working for Business Going to Collapse   Parks top locale  is open throughout the holidays. Our Skating School is excellent amp; acclaimed   #MaraLago  You have the best staff.. it's always a pleasure doing events at your home  This is the kind of atitude that made for the grate men in History Napolion Alexander the Great Richard ect DonaldTrumprules!
The Jets should have let them score to get the number one draft pick who will be really good. It will just never change for them!
"  That win will have massive ramifications for the next decade. A very bleak day for the  I agree!
" #Donald  bought my favorite #dc building. New hotel coming in 2016 to #PennAve  Old Post Office  #CASEV in sunny #Chicago with LARGE Trump sign outside window. #SheratonChicago  The new #CelebrityApprentice starts January 4th ... Please don't make us wait that long again.   I think you should be Barbara Walters' most fascinating person of 2014" I agree but have already been twice!
"  In love with Trump Tower too! Clearly Tower built by man who is strong amp; abel to serve as OUR PRESEDENT!"
Can you believe that Sony chief Amy Pascal wants to meet with Al Sharpton to seek forgiveness for her racial slurs. Al is laughing at her!
No wonder Sony is doing so badly. Really stupid leadership that wants Al Sharpton to help. Watch him turn the tables on chief Amy Pascal.
     Al Sharpton loves "Trump" because he knows I get him others don't! Check out picture.
I will be on  at 7:00 - in 10 minutes. HAVE A GREAT DAY ALL!
. named Christmas Day Brunch   one of the best in the city! #TrumpHolidays  forward to tonight's conversation w David Rubenstein  Airing live on  at 7PM EST   by  Donald Trump Goes to Washington      Premieres Sunday January 4 2015   lights went out at the White House today   Symbolic of the Obama presidency.
The CIA deserves our praise for taking the fight to the enemy in the dark corners of the world. The CIA perseveres the politicians whine!
30 million Americans are unemployed yet Obama has set up workshops across the country for illegals to get Amnesty  is sweet and not fattening. - Alfred Hitchcock
Via  by  Luxury penthouse at  skyscraper sells for record $17M  Incredible interview  I hope  was watching. cc:   #TortureReport #TRUTH"
How many more times do we all have to watch and pay for that stupid and never ending #SmokeyBearHug commercial. How much is govt. spending?
Ice Skaters Invade Mar-a-Lago as Snow Falls on Palm Beach Salvation Army Ball!  via  Miamis top #NewYearsEve vacation package  is the perfect option to celebrate the start of 2015.  yourself as victorious! That will focus you in the right direction.  Trump Never Give Up
C-SPANConversation with Donald TrumpEconomic Club of Washington DC   Trump on Jeb Bush: The last thing we need is another Bush   via  by  LAST THING THIS COUNTRY NEEDS IS ANOTHER BUSH!
Via  by  President Trump? Says 'there's a very substantial chance' he'll run in 2016  attacks the CIA for  waterboarding while routinely droning civilians caught in the Islamist crosshairs.
Obama has admitted that he spends his mornings watching  Then he plays golf fundraises amp; grants amnesty to illegals.
Via  Donald Trumps  plan gets go-ahead   by  Donald Trump hints at presidential run promises 'great luxury hotel' for D.C.  me your New Year's resolution to make America great again! #TrumpNewYearsRes  is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- Winston Churchill
I cant believe the great  got canned by  He was a fantastic reporter amp; really knew entertainment. He will be missed!
Story written by a  reporter that the HuffPost refused to print. Total bias but we will prevail!   int with  on the state of world affairs economy the Bushes etc.   by  Trump lands  for Old Post Office flagship restaurant   by   to open golf academy at Donald Trumps    by  amp;  "Donald Trump Says Jeb Bush is the Last Thing We Need"  Charlottesville VA  is Virginias largest winery with 200 acres of French vinifera varieties  destroying the Middle East amp; our economy the Bushes last gift was having Justice Roberts legalize ObamaCare. No more Bushes!
Via  by  Donald Trump: 'Last Thing We Need Is Another Bush'  #TheInterviewMovie A sad day for freedom of speech-  Vote Donald Trump for president!!!!!!!!!!   you told America what needs to happen with china trade jobs ect..so you need to run - 2016!
Congratulations  for making  #GoldList2015!  fully support  in Turnberry--great for beauty amp; tourism. Wind turbines are death to environment.    be co-hosting  tonight. Be sure to tune in!
#TBT It is great being part of Home Alone 2 a holiday staple.  be interviewed tonight at 7 by  re Sony amp; Bush
Must watch  interview on  discussing #Girlpower   to Host 63rd Annual   via  by  Jan. 4th the record 14th seasons  cast is the nastiest yet  Major Boardroom fireworks!
My  'Power Players' interview with  "Inside Donald Trumps new digs on Pennsylvania Avenue   interview with  on  discussing the real estate economy amp; 2016    Donald Trump starts 250million overhaul on  golf resort  read  article by  Jeb Bush and the Outsiders    I'm looking forward to staying  tonight!  I have heard wonderful things."  Great--enjoy!
Amy Pascal of Sony was totally used by Rev. Al Sharpton. She should be fired for stupidity.
The movie may be garbage but we cant let a foreign country dictate to us what to watch.    appearance re Sony Atlantic City  amp; 2016   Always love going on Wendys show!
Another clip from my  interview discussing why Sony should not have capitulated to the hackers  No Courage!
Pigs get slaughtered  again.  Ft Lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after Trump trial victory.
Should have settled  Ft Lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to $400k in legal fees after Trump trial victory.
Not so smart after all  Man with name on Duke law library must pay me legal fees after Trump trial victory.
" My  illustration as seen in audience of the  show!   Great job!
"   One of the many things I admire about you Mr. Trump is that you aren't afraid to speak your mind." True!
"  Mr. Trump I believe Sir we can take this country back and make it greater than it's ever been before! God bless you!" Thanks.
My  interview discussing why we do not need another Bush  now wants to deny due process to the police. Hell give all constitutional rights to the terrorists but not our cops.
If only Obama would treat   with the same respect he awards tyrants. Very strange amp; dangerous for our national security.
A Clinton already defeated a Bush. The definition of insanity is doing the same thing twice amp; expecting a different result.
#FlashbackFriday Just after I did my renovation in Central Park of  - was the architect of ObamaCare. Bushs Chief Justice legalized the monstrosity. Notice a trend?
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.  Walt Disney
Via  by  Why Trump Should Run  sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions. Push yourself you can do it. Think Big!
Entrepreneurs: Realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort. You're in charge. Everything starts with you.
Entrepreneurs:  Use your imagination. Use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you.
Entrepreneurs: Whatever happens you're responsible. If it doesn't happen you're responsible.
Plan a perfect weekend for the holidays in NYC's hottest neighborhood using  20 offer   for being named one of the Most Notable Openings of 2014 from   excited to have  performing at the 2015 #CadillacChampionship at     I can't wait for #CelebrityApprentice to begin! Should be interesting..."
Entrepreneurs: Realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith. Resolve to be bigger than your problems. Who's the boss?
Entrepreneurs: Absorb assess and then act. Don't negate your own power. Whatever you've been dealt know you can deal with it.
Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
So many people think I will not run for President.Wow I wonder what the response will be if I do. Even the haters and losers will be happy!
Merry Christmas to all - have a fantastic day year and life! The World with great leadership will become a much more beautiful place!
Deals are my art form. Other people paint beautifully or write poetry. I like making deals preferably big deals. That's how I get my kicks.
If you're going to be thinking you may as well think big.
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
Via   to open restaurant in Trump Intl Washington D.C.   Trumps grand plans for  resort get the green light  Trump on 'Brutal' New Season of    via   by  Donald Trump  To Micromanage or Not To Micromanage?  you cant see it it will never happen. Bring your vision to fruition through perseverance and hard work. That will build momentum.
This Sunday at 98C the real playoffs begin with the premiere of  Game on in the Boardroom...  Trump Signature Collection exclusively available at  tops all menswear styles. Dress to impress!   the electability? Jeb is losing to HRC by 13 points. A Bush will never beat a Clinton. Wake up  by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war.
What separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate.
The Mar-a-Lago Club was amazing tonight. Everybody was there the biggest and the hottest. Palm Beach is so lucky to have best club in world
Via  By Eugene Dunn: Trump could lead U.S. forward   by  "Donald Trump: US Defeating ISIS Only in John Kerry's Imagination"  forget to watch  tonightyou will love it! 8 PM on NBC.  #CelebApprentice
At your request I will be doing live tweeting during tonights   #CelebApprentice
ILLIANT would never miss it Trump family a credit to society re charitable donations"
Via  by  Trump says he will decide on a presidential run by June   Raw video: Donald Trump speaks at Rep. Steve Stepanek's Amherst reception  via  N.H. Trump says his business experience would play well in government  via  by  Just finished watching celebrity apprentice   on the BBC great work guys for such a good cause"
Will be on  tonight at 9:00. WILL BE TALKING ABOUT EVERYTHING!
"  I have just one question please...will you be running for President 2016? We really need you!"
Entrepreneurs: Negotiation is an art. Treat it like one.
Re Negotiation: Think about what the other side wants. Know where they're coming from. View any conflict as an opportunity. Be flexible.
Entrepreneurs: Vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good.
Trump Nat'l Golf Club Philadelphia is a 360 acre beauty and an award winning Tom Fazio designed course--fantastic!  I'm on the fence but if  runs then I'm all good"
Via  by  Donald Trump stops in Coralville  room only in Mason City Iowa! Thanks to the record crowd of over 400 supporters!  ovation after promising to bring the American Dream back and better than ever before!  great patriots in Mason City who also want to bring the American Dream back! We can Make America Great Again!   #trump2016 epic things will be done! He will make the changes that we need!"
TRUMP WINS CNBC INSTANT POLL; RUBIO SECOND... DEVELOPING...    YES!"
"  Dipshit  lied debate always being set for 2 hours If not 4  calling  out.
Thank you!  poll: Trump won #GOPDebate #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016    Who won the #GOPDebate?   you have my vote in my first election great debate last night keep up the good work! #Trump2016" Thanks.
Failing host  a mental basketcase loves SUPERPACS - in other words he wants your politicians totally controlled by lobbyists!
"  We Support You! And Believe that your America's Hope"  Thanks.
. Congratulations and good luck - you will do a GREAT job for our wonderful U.S.A.!
"  This country needs an unscripted hero like The Donald... #MakeAmericaGreatAgain "  Thank you.
"   We need a wall not a Rubio"
" People need to wake up Mr. Trump. You are the most qualified person to ever run for President Of The United States. #Truth"
"  hell of a job"
"   Good job Mr. Trump. The way you respond shows that you truly are ready to be the next US president! #Trump"
" I'm not even american and I want to see  win! A person like him is going to set a new standard for world leaders!"
"  I sleep better at night knowing u will soon be POTUS!  Thank you.
" The One The Only Donald Trump will and can Make America Great Again !     Another WIN!   me Tuesday Nov. 3rd at 12pm in Trump Tower NYC.  Ill be signing copies of my new book CRIPPLED AMERICA.  Dont miss it!
I was #1 on Twitter -- and so positive. Thank you!  via  Thank you!#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  interview on  with  had a 40 ratings increase over same Sunday last year. 20 over last week.
Wow just heard really bad stuff about the failing   How much longer  will they be around? Some very untalented reporters.
Loved doing the debate last night on  Check out all of the polls! Everyone agrees that Harwood bombed!
Thank you  for  the nice words on  I will win and Make America Great Again!
" "The only way anybody's gonna beat Trump is being better than he is." on   Rubio an oratorliar like Obama but totally unqualified. Rubio visa bill did NOT protect American workers. See Disney."
Thank you  for explaining to  and  and so many others that I am leading in almost all national amp; state polls.
Happy Birthday to my wonderful daughter  you  for your wonderful words. We will #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Super PACs should be disavowed by anyone running for President. They are a total scam on our system and country! I am self-funding.
Donald Trump Leads Polls in Florida   The Political Insider: Donald Trump Just Received The Best News Possible!   Birthday to my friend  DonaldTrumpNAME ONE CANDIDATE WHO CAN MAKE DEALS WITH CHINA ! IF WE DONT BRING JOBS BACK! WERE DEAD  Everyone under 10 in polls should DROP OUT and support TRUMP    Great idea!
"   Would be AWESOME moderators for next debate #RushLimbaugh #SeanHannity #MarkLevin"
. Great job on  tonight. Thanks for your nice words about my children. Class!
"  Mr. Trump do you swear to provide for protect and care for our soldiers including Vets?"  YES YES YES!
"    Mike Huckabee is a very nice gentleman and yes Donald you raised wonderful children
"   Republican is 28; support for Carson is 23."  Poll used by  last month
"      Trump is the closest thing to Gen.Patton that we will ever see again." Cool!
"  you are always many steps ahead of the game!" Thank you.
" Who had the best Donald Trump Halloween costume--Kelly Ripa Lara Spencer or Mario Batali?  . on his (naked) "young and carefree" days and pal Donald Trump   Rod album is great!
"  I LOVE watching Donald Trump in action. Free education. Just watch and learn. LOVE IT. #TrumpTrain" Nice.
" Arizona polls for Democrats only say they would prefer Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton 60"
" Trump Rights Ship on Immigration: Demands Disney Rehire Workers Replaced by Cheap Foreign Labor.  Donald Trump: I Think Obama Hates Israel  candidate John Kasich on the  talked about dismantling Medicare and Medicaid he was referring to Ben Carson.
I am going to save Medicare and Medicaid Carson wants to abolish and failing candidate Gov. John Kasich doesn't have a clue - weak!
" We need a REAL change.  you are the only1who can stand upamp; #MakeAmericaGreatAgain.
" So true! Vote  and have America greatness back to where it belongs : The United States of America.
Black Lives Matter protesters totally disrupt Hillary Clinton event. She looked lost. This is not what we need with ISIS CHINA RUSSIA etc.
The new NBC POLL has me in first place but said I was third in the debate - I demand a recount (just kidding!). EVERY other poll had me #1.
I see Marco Rubio just landed another billionaire to give big money to his Superpac which are total scams. Marco must address him as "SIR"!
I am leaving for Norfolk Virginia - the great battleship U.S.S. Wisconsin - for a big rally and really big crowd. See you soon!
I told you so- just lost it's top person. Poor results and no money to pay him. If they were legit they would be doing far better!
Lifting off right now for U.S.S. Wisconsin in Norfolk. See ya'
The  Wall Street Journal loves to write badly about me. They better be careful or I will unleash big time on them. Look forward to it!
"  DO A FLYOVER  USS WISCONSIN!"  Cool idea we will try!
"   And its a Glorious Fall Day in Norfolk!! Knock'em dead Donald!" Thanks!
"  surges in Post-debate Poll! Trump puts US 1st and foremost      Evangelicals don't like lairs. This Carson Mannatech video and story show be shown in Iowa  said such nice things about me during the debate that I thought I'd do his show  on Monday (2:30pm EST).
Just left Virginia where I unveiled my healthcare and other plans for our great Veterans! They will be very happy!  Coach Kennedy and his right together with his young players to pray on the football field. Liberty Institute just suspended him!
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain  you James Freeman of the  for the very nice words. All polls said I won the debate except NBC (3rd). Explain to Daniel Henninger!
No complaints but how many people would be watching these really dumb but record setting debates if I wasn't in them? Interesting question!
"  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  Leading big Nationwide in Reuters poll - great!
"  I wouldn't watch it at all if Mr. trump was not on it. See u on your book signing on 113. Trump all the way.
"   this coming election is THE MOST IMPORTANT PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION in my lifetime VOTE FOR TRUMP"
"  has won all three debates and all that matters is that Trump supporters know that amp; will vote Trump!" THANKS!
"  no one would have watched the debates if Trump had not  been in them"
"  you were great in it!!" Thanks!
"  I wouldn't be watching at all!!! Honestly!"
"   Agree This is The Only Time #Americans have been More involved in President Elections since Kennedy!!!"
got it going on!!! Nothing is boring or low energy about you. #EverybodyRockWTrumpNow #SNL
Television ratings for  Saturday Night Live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. Very few protesters!
.for all of your support South Carolina! #Trump2016  on  at 10:00 P.M.
. who can't believe that her candidate has bombed so badly is one of the dumber pundits on T.V. Hard to watch zero talent!  does  bore their audience with people like  a totally biased loser who doesn't have a clue. I hear she will soon be gone!
Great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials. Police discuss no-go areas:   you  for your wonderful editorial as to why I should have been  Magazine's Person of the Year. You should run Time!
ice piece and video today in the Wall Street Journal: Trumps three eldest children jump into campaign  YOU NEW YORK!#MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  keep your thoughts amp; prayers with Melissa Young- Miss Wisconsin 2005.  to  for having the wisdom to pick TRUMP! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #Trump2016  you- Appleton Wisconsin!#WIPrimary #Trump2016     I'm a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary."  Great!
" Nothing you say will change my mind! Woman for   Trump Doctrine: Peace Through Strength. #Trump2016   had a very nice meeting with  Priebus and the  Looking forward to bringing the Party together --- and it will happen!
THANK YOU WISCONSIN! #VoteTrump next Tuesday April 5th! #WIPrimary  YOU AMERICA! #Trump2016#MakeAmericaGreatAgain   YOU NEW YORK! #Trump2016  #Trump2016  Club For Growthwhich asked me for $1000000 in an extortion attempt just put up a Wisconsin ad with incorrect math.What a dumb group!
The Club For Growth said in their ad that 465 delegates (Cruz) plus 143 delegates (Kasich) is more than my 739 delegates. Try again!
The National Border Patrol Council (NBPC) said that our open border is the biggest physical amp; economic threat facing the American people!
For the 1st time in American history Americas 16500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsementme! Thank you.
Does anybody like Lyin' Ted?  new radio ad airing today in Wisconsin! See you soon!#WIPrimary #Trump2016  must build a great wall between Mexico and the United States!  you believe that Ted Cruz who has been killing our country on trade for so long just put out a Wisconsin ad talking about trade?
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  it possible for  to cover anyone but Donald Trump on her terrible show. She totally misrepresents my words and positions! BAD.
If  stopped covering me on her show her ratings would drop like a rock! My h to h interview with  beat her by millions!
I will be in Wisconsin until the election. Jobs trade and immigration will be big factors. I will bring jobs back home - make great deals!
Wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade but if I win all of the bad things happening in the U.S. will be rapidly reversed!
g announcement by Ford today. Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants. Car companies coming back to U.S.  JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!
Watch  now on Podesta and Russia!
The failing  would do much better if they were honest!  was an honor to welcome  to the  today with  Pence amp; Attorney General Sessions. THANK YOU fo  NEW ERA IN AMERICAN ENERGY! #MadeInTheUSAWatch here:   doesn't Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by  or money from Russia to Clinton - sale of  Uranium?
Remember when the failing  apologized to its subscribers right after the election because their coverage was so wrong. Now worse!
If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!
Today's EO established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis. Watch listening session  Melania and I were honored to stop by the Women's Empowerment  Panel this afternoon at the   we honored our true American heroes on the first-ever National Vietnam War Veterans Day.#ThankAVeteran  Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don't get on the team amp; fast. We must fight them amp; Dems in 2018!
The failing  has disgraced the media world. Gotten me wrong for two solid years. Change libel laws?  op-ed from  Looks like some in the Freedom Caucus are helping me end #Obamacare.    and Raul_Labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts amp; reform.
If   and  would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts amp; reform.
Where are   and  #Obamacare
The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits...
...and job losses. American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives.
Only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss) by media amp; Dems of historic proportion!
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Denmark Lars Lkke Rasmussen  to the  yes  meeting with a wonderful woman today former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice! #USA  #SCOTUS  is an exciting time for our country!#WeeklyAddress #ConfirmGorsuch  Celebrates American Manufacturing Survey Showing Highest Level of Optimism in 20 Years'   are going to defend our industry amp; create a level playing field for the American worker. It is time to put  will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and  start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake TrumpRussia story?
It is the same Fake News Media that said there is "no path to victory for Trump" that is now pushing the phony Russia story. A total scam!
RT  .  signs executive orders on trade that will set the stage for revival in American manufacturing. #Am
The failing  finally gets it - "In places where no insurance company offers plans there will be no way for ObamaCare customers to..
...use subsidies to buy health plans." In other words Ocare is dead. Good things will happen however either with Republicans or Dems.
Wow  just reporting big news. Source: "Official behind unmasking is high up. Known Intel official is responsible. Some unmasked....
..not associated with Russia. Trump team spied on before he was nominated." If this is true does not get much bigger. Would be sad for U.S.
Thank you  -- will get even better as my Administration continues to put #AmericaFirst  (especially  Fake News media) who thinks that Repeal amp; Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party!
Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are and have been going on and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck.
The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers.
Melania and I are honored to light up the  this evening for #WorldAutismAwarenessDay. Join us amp; #LIUB.  amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by  "Spied on before nomination." The real story.
Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know?
Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!
. from multiple sources: "There was electronic surveillance of Trump and people close to Trump. This is unprecedented."  ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt. On behalf of the United States I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship.
Looking forward to hosting our heroes from the Wounded Warrior Project ( Soldier Ride to the  on Th  was an honor to welcome President Al Sisi of Egypt to the  as we renew the historic partnership betwe   RICE ORDERED SPY DOCS ON TRUMP?  #CEOTownHall  you Sean McGarvey amp; the entire Governing Board of Presidents for honoring me wan invite to speak. #NABTU2017  to talk jobs with #NABTU2017. Tremendous spirit amp; optimism - we will deliver!  am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship amp; to strengthening America's long-standing support for  JOBS JOBS!  was an honor to host our American heroes from the  #SoldierRideDC at the  today with     Very proud of Arabella and Joseph for their performance in honor of President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan's official
It was a great honor to have President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan of China as our guests in the United States. Tremendous...
...goodwill and friendship was formed but only time will tell on trade.
Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States and the world so well in the Syria attack.
The reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix (fill in and top)!
Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 A.M. He will be a great Justice. Very proud of him!
So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt. U.S. strongly condemns. I have great...
...confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly.
Thank you  #USA  to Justice Neil Gorsuch on his elevation to the United States Supreme Court. A great day for Americ  Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America Israel and around the world. #ChagSameach
RT  Grateful Syrians React To  Strike: 'I'll Name My Son Donald'  #SyrianStrikes
I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the U.S. will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!
North Korea is looking for trouble. If China decides to help that would be great. If not we will solve the problem without them!  U.S.A.
Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas. A wonderful guy I need his help on Healthcare amp; Tax Cuts (Reform).
Great Strategic amp; Policy CEO Forum today with my Cabinet Secretaries and top CEO's from around the United States.  will be interviewed by  at 6:00 A.M.  Enjoy!
Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea.
Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems who spent heavily amp; predicted victory!
Great meeting w NATO Sec. Gen. We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share amp; focus on  confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers. #AmericaFirst
One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border on energy on jobs on regulations. Big changes are happening!
Jobs are returning illegal immigration is plummeting law order and justice are being restored. We are truly making America great again!
I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea. If they are unable to do so the U.S. with its allies will! U.S.A.
Things will work out fine between the U.S.A. and Russia. At the right time everyone will come to their senses amp; there will be lasting peace!
It was a great honor to welcome Atlanta's heroic first responders to the White House this afternoon!   GREAT AGAIN: FEDS ARREST MURDER SUSPECT IN 'FAST AND FURIOUS' SCANDAL...  Address-    Looking forward to hosting the annual Easter Egg Roll at the  on Monday!  would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!
Happy Easter to everyone!
I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?
Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. The election is over!
Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. Frankly we have no choice!
The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event until the Republicans won. Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!
"The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy!" So true.  great book for your reading enjoyment: "REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS" by Michael J. Knowles.
The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election. Every story is badly slanted. We have to hold them to the truth!
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!
RT  TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50  APPROVAL HITS 50 you tomorrow Wisconsin!'Trump spurs small-business optimism in Milwaukee area' eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia (on Tuesday) for Congress a runoff will be a win. Vote "R" for lower taxes amp; safety!
The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast!
I will be interviewed on  by  starting at 6:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress. VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. Say NO
Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6. Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime amp; 2nd A.
Just learned that Jon  who is running for Congress in Georgia doesn't even live in the district. Republicans get out and vote!
#BuyAmericanHireAmericanWatch  major outside money FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates BIG "R" win with runoff in Georgia. Glad to be of help!
Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia. Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs. Georgia on June 20th.
#BuyAmericanHireAmerican  I signed the Veterans (OUR HEROES) Choice Program Extension amp; Improvement Act  the  #S544 Watch  great honor to host the  Champion New England  at the White House today. Congratulations!   which has been calling me wrong for two years just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to W.H.
We're going to use American steel we're going to use American labor we are going to come first in all deals.   great honor to host PM Paolo Gentiloni of Italy at the White House this afternoon! #ICYMI- Joint Press Conference   NYT editor apologizes for misleading tweet about New England Patriots' visit to the White House (via  h
Another terrorist attack in Paris. The people of France will not take much more of this. Will have a big effect on presidential election!
No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days amp; it has been a lot (including S.C.) media will kill!
China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so while nothing is easy if they want to solve the North Korean problem they will
WELCOME HOME AYA!#GodBlessTheUSA   .   Jared Kushner amp; Dina Powell in the Oval Office today w Aya amp; her brother Basel.#W
'Presidential Executive Order on Identifying and Reducing Tax Regulatory Burdens' Executive Order:  5 SB victories since 2002 it was my honor to give Bob Kraft Coach Belichick and the players their first to   Chicago approves new plan to hide illegal immigrants from the feds plus give them access to city services   Israeli PM Netanyahu praises U.S. policy changes during meeting with Defense. Sec Mattis  ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania. Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans!
Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania. Look forward to it!
Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday.
Today on Earth Day we celebrate our beautiful forests lakes and land. We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation.
I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. Jobs matter!
Very interesting election currently taking place in France.
Thank you Lake Worth Florida.  is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought.
The Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members.
Eventually but at a later date so we can get started early Mexico will be paying in some form for the badly needed border wall.
New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative. Would still beat Hillary in .....
...popular vote. ABC NewsWashington Post Poll (wrong big on election) said almost all stand by their vote on me amp; 53 said strong leader.
The two fake news polls released yesterday ABC amp; NBC while containing some very positive info were totally wrong in General E. Watch!
The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! If
#CongratsPeggy!  wall is not built which it will be the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be!#BuildTheWall
Join me in congratulating   by using the hashtag #CongratsPeggy! Earlier today:  our healthcare plan is approved you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. ObamaCare is in a death spiral!
Today I signed the Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation:  #ICYMI- My statement last night at  of  for her leadership on these important issues. Looking forward to hearing her speak at the W20!  has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult. We will not stand for this. Watch!
Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL. It will get built and help stop drugs human trafficking etc.
Remarks at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum's National Days of Remembrance. Full remarks:  Executive Order on Promoting Agriculture and Rural Prosperity in America'Executive Order:  the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban amp; now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. See you in the Supreme Court!
Out of our very big country with many choices does everyone notice that both the "ban" case and now the "sanctuary" case is brought in ...
...the Ninth Circuit which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to 80). They used to call this "judge shopping!" Messy system.
The U.S. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016). GDP up only 1.6. Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our  Melania!   I signed an Executive Order  the U.S. Dept. of  'Review of Designations Under the Antiquities Act  I signed an Executive Order on Enforcing Statutory Prohibitions on Federal Control of Education. EO:  great great honor to welcome amp; recognize the National Teacher of the Year as well as the Teacher of the Year fro  are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #ObamaCare and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars. Sad!
I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate. I agreed..
...subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all we will then terminate NAFTA. Relationships are good-deal very possible!
The Democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure. NO!
I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare.
I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. Democrats want to shut down the government. Politics!
What's more important? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats.
Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. It is time to put #AmericaFirst
Democrats used to support border security  now they want illegals to pour through our borders.
As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. Terrible!
. Melania and I were honored to welcome Argentina President  and First Lady Juliana Awada to t  Memorandum for the   re: Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security:  I signed an Executive Order on Improving Accountability and Whistleblower Protection at the    Former President Obama's $400K Wall Street speech stuns liberal base; Sen. Warren saying she "was troubled by that"  are making tremendous progress with the V. A. There has never been so much done so quickly and we have just started. We love our VETS!
I will be interviewed by  on  tonight at 7pm. Enjoy!
North Korea disrespected the wishes of China amp; its highly respected President when it launched though unsuccessfully a missile today. Bad!
RT  .  : #Dems Don't Really Believe #Trump Is a Pawn of #Russia - That's Just Their Political Tool   just stated that "President Trump's successes are unmatched in recent presidential history"  Thank you Lou!
Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30. Big crowd big energy!
Mainstream (FAKE) media refuses to state our long list of achievements including 28 legislative signings strong borders amp; great optimism!
RT  100 days ago a new message leader amp; movement took the Oval Office! A government FOR the people BY the people. This is
I will be interviewed on  this morning at 10:00 A.M. Have a great day!
Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The Democrats without a leader have become the party of obstruction.They are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for U.S.
You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead. Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors....New
...healthcare plan is on its way. Will have much lower premiums amp; deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions!
This month we celebrate the contributions of Asian Americans amp; Pacific Islanders that enrich our Nation.  On Saturday I signed two EO's to help keep jobs amp; wealth in our country.EO1:  EO2:  Andrew Jackson who died 16 years before the Civil War started saw it coming and was angry. Would never have let it happen!
The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We....
either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51. Our country needs a good "shutdown" in September to fix mess!
Congratulations to the winners of the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy the great Air Force Falcons! Watch:  Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony...
...TrumpRussia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election. Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?
It was an honor to stop by a #SchoolChoice event hosted by  Pence and  Secretary  at the  honor to host President Mahmoud Abbas at the WH today. Hopefully something terrific could come out it between th  Rice the former National Security Advisor to President Obama is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on.....
...allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials. Not good!
The Fake News media is officially out of control. They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this!
Congratulations to  on its unbelievable ratings hike.
RT  President Trump to sign an executive order on religious liberty today the National Day of Prayer    spiral!'Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018 citing expected losses on INDV plans this year' evening with Religious Leaders here at the WH last night. Join us now for a #NationalDayofPrayer LIVE:  am watching the Democrats trying to defend the "you can keep you doctor you can keep your plan amp; premiums will go down" ObamaCare lie."
Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead. Our healthcare plan will lower premiums amp; deductibles - and be great healthcare!
If victorious Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote!
It was a GREAT day for the United States of America! This is a great plan that is a repeal amp; replace of ObamaCare.  honor to welcome PM of Australia  to America amp; join him in marking the 75th Anniversary of the  win in the House - very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2 we will have truly great healthcare!
Rather than causing a big disruption in N.Y.C. I will be working out of my home in Bedminster N.J. this weekend. Also saves country money!
Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great.
JOBS JOBS JOBS!   Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare!
Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? It's dead!
Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!
The reason I am staying in Bedminster N. J. a beautiful community is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive. Meetings!
When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia amp; why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate?
RT  . "I'm not against the media. I'm against the FAKE media." #CashinIn   I thought about jobs that went overseas failing schools open borders not my skin color when I voted  I
Republican Senators will not let the American people down! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead!
Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France. I look very much forward to working with him!
Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico. Fired their employees. Tax product big that's sold in U.S.
RT  PM Benjamin Netanyahu at  weekly Cabinet meeting:In two weeks Israel will host  Trump on his first trip as President
Congratulations to  on his big win yesterday. John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again!
General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that.
Ask Sally Yates under oath if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Council.
Ask Sally Yates under oath if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to W.H. Counsel.
Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili to the  today with  Mike Pence.  Clapper reiterated what everybody including the fake media already knows- there is "no evidence" of collusion w Russia and Trump.
Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!
The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax when will this taxpayer funded charade end?
Biggest story today between Clapper amp; Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews!
It was an honor to welcome the Teachers of the Year to the WH last month. Today we honor and thank all teachers!  openings hires rise to highest levels of the recovery' Chuck Schumer stated recently "I do not have confidence in him (James Comey) any longer." Then acts so indignant.  #draintheswamp
The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey including the fact that he should be fired but now they play so sad!
James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI.
RT  MEXICO 2ND DEADLIEST COUNTRY; TOPS AFGHAN IRAQ...  lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down they will be thanking me!
RT  10 SCANDALS ON DIRECTOR'S WATCH...  Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke. "Richie" devised one of the greatest military frauds in U.S. history. For....
years as a pol in Connecticut Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was never there. When....
caught he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness...and now he is judge amp; jury. He should be the one who is investigated for his acts.
The Roger Stone report on  is false - Fake News. Have not spoken to Roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision.
Dems have been complaining for months amp; months about Dir. Comey. Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved. Phony hypocrites!
The Democrats should be ashamed. This is a disgrace!#DrainTheSwamp  Executive Order on Strengthening the Cybersecurity of Federal Networks and Critical Infrastructure'  Executive Order on the Establishment of Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity'  finally agree on something Rosie.  must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the U.S. tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election.
Yesterday on the same day- I had meetings with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the FM of Ukraine Pavlo  the story that there was collusion between the Russians amp; Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election.
The Fake Media is working overtime today!
As a very active President with lots of things happening it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!....
...Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future "press briefings" and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy???
James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
When James Clapper himself and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt says there is no collusion when does it end?
China just agreed that the U.S. will be allowed to sell beef and other major products into China once again. This is REAL news!
Today  hosted a Military Mother's Day Event in the East Room of the WH. It was an honor to stop by say hel  I welcomed the Victory Christian Center School. Good luck  the Team America Rocketry Challenge! #TARC Watch   be interviewed by  on  at 9:00 P.M. (Saturday night). Enjoy!
I was thrilled to be back  Congratulations to the Class of 2017! This is your day and you've earned it.   Melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends! Happy #MothersDay
Today I delivered remarks at the 36th Annual National Peace Officers' Memorial Service. #NationalPoliceWeekWatch  and#PoliceWeek Proclamation:   President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled W.H. meeting) which I have the absolute right to do facts pertaining....
...to terrorism and airline flight safety. Humanitarian reasons plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS amp; terrorism.
I have been asking Director Comey amp; others from the beginning of my administration to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community.....
'U.S. Industrial Production Surged in April'  was a great honor to welcome the President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoan to the  today!  was my great honor to deliver the #CGACommencement17 at the  CONGRATULATIONS to the Class of 2017!  all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign amp; Obama Administration there was never a special councel appointed!
This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign amp; Obama Administration there was never a special counsel appointed!
A great honor to welcome President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia to the White House today!Joint Press Conf  Donald J. Trump Proclaims 5142017 through 5202017 as #PoliceWeek"Proclamation  ready for my big foreign trip. Will be strongly protecting American interests - that's what I like to do!
#WeeklyAddress  to be in Riyadh Saudi Arabia. Looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead. #POTUSAbroad  you to the BRAVE servicemen amp; women who have served and continue to serve the United States- our true HEROES   I had a wonderful time with the students at the American International School #Riyadh today. #SaudiaArabia  transcript at Arab Islamic American Summit   #POTUSAbroad
#RiyadhSummit #POTUSAbroad   Ever Stronger   Minister  and  on behalf of  Melania and myself thank you for the invitation  stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom.  you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit Prime Minister  and  Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great. Trying hard for PEACE. Doing well. Heading to Vatican amp; Pope then #G7 and #NATO.
All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace.
Honor of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis. I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue PEAC  you for the warm welcome to Brussels Belgium this afternoon!   Thank u to Queen Fabiola University Hospital! Enjoyed creating paper flowers with amazing patients amp; getting a tour. #Brussels
Today's ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve.#NATOMeeting #NATO  you for your support. Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!#POTUSAbroad #USA  arrived in Taormina with  Melania. #G7Summit #USA  arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs.
Getting ready to engage G7 leaders on many issues including economic growth terrorism and security.
Terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization- it is up to all who value life to confront amp; defeat this evil behalf of  Melania and myself thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening President Sergio Mattarella.  G7 meetings today. Lots of very important matters under discussion. First on the list of course is terrorism. #G7Taormina
Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably as they should. Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger.
I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week!
Just left the #G7Summit. Had great meetings on everything especially on trade where....
...."we push for the removal of all trade-distorting practices....to foster a truly level playing field."
I look forward to reading the  232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in June. Will take major action if necessary.
Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the U.S.A. from the Middle East - which will mean JOBS JOBS JOBS!
Just arrived in Italy after having a very successful NATO meeting in Brussels. Told other nations they must pay more not fair to  U.S.
Big win in Montana for Republicans! We
Big win in Montana for Republicans!
Just returned from Europe. Trip was a great success for America. Hard work but big results!
It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the #FakeNews media.
Whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake news media and they don't mention names....
....it is very possible that those sources don't exsist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems amp; Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
....it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers. #FakeNews is the enemy!
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems amp; Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the U.K. gave to U.S. about Manchester was leaked. Gave me full details!
I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will do much better!
The massive TAX CUTSREFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well actually ahead of schedule. Big benefits to all!
The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging amp; demeaning my use of social media because they don't want America to hear the real story!
Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America. Home of the free because of the brave. #MemorialDay
North Korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor China by shooting off yet another ballistic missile...but China is trying hard!
Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. Thank you God bless your families amp; God bless the USA!
I look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery later this morning.
We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO amp; military. Very bad for U.S. This will change
Russian officials must be laughing at the U.S. amp; how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News.
The U.S. Senate should switch to 51 votes immediately and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved fast and easy. Dems would do it no doubt!
RT  President Trump pays respects and  delivers #MemorialDay remarks at Arlington National Cemetery.   Jared Kushner didn't suggest Russian communications channel in meeting source says  the constant negative press covfefe
Who can figure out the true meaning of "covfefe" ???  Enjoy!
So now it is reported that the Democrats who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia don't want him to testify. He blows away their....
...case against him amp; now wants to clear his name by showing "the false or misleading testimony by James Comey John Brennan..." Witch Hunt!
Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children especially my 11 year old son Barron are having a hard time with this. Sick!
Hopefully Republican Senators good people all can quickly get together and pass a new (repeal amp; replace) HEALTHCARE bill. Add saved $'s.
I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances and to form new partnerships. See more at:  was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Vietnam Nguyn Xun Phc to the  this afternoon.  Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. Hits Facebook amp; even Dems amp; DNC.
I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord Thursday at 3:00 P.M.  The White House Rose Garden.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
The big story is the "unmasking and surveillance" of people that took place during the Obama Administration.
Join me live at the   job as President is to do everything within my power to give America a level playing field. #AmericaFirst  AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT  Wall Street hits record highs after Trump pulls out of Climate pact   Our President is choosing to put American jobs American consumers American energy and American industry first.   President Trump did the right thing by withdrawing us from Paris treaty - it would hurt American companies and American wor
RT  . made the right call in leaving a deal that would have put an unnecessary burden on the United States.   Promise kept.  exits flawed #ParisAccord to seek better deal for U.S. workers amp; economy. This WH will always put #Ameri
RT  I support President Trumps desire to re-enter the Paris Accord after the agreement becomes a better deal for America
RT  Coming up at 720a ET on  See you there!  #maga
RT  #MakeAmericaGreatAgain!!!     Fears of new terror attack after van 'mows down 20 people' on London Bridge...
We need to be smart vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!
Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U. K. we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU. GOD BLESS!
We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. If we don't get smart it will only get worse
At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is "no reason to be alarmed!"
Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck!
People the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want but I am calling it what we need and what it is a TRAVEL BAN!
The Justice Dept. should have stayed with the original Travel Ban not the watered down politically correct version they submitted to S.C.
The Justice Dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court - amp; seek much tougher version!
In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the U.S. in order to help keep our country safe. The courts are slow and political!
.  Dems are taking forever to approve my people including Ambassadors. They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS! Want approvals.
Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his "no reason to be alarmed" statement. MSM is working hard to sell it!
. decision is one of the biggest wins for our VETERANS in decades. Our HEROES deserve the best!   I announced an Air Traffic Control Initiative to take American air travel into the future - finally!  right we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people!
RT  Sen. Ted Cruz: Trump's air traffic control plan is a 'win-win' for Democrats and Republicans   FOX NEWS ALERT: ISIS claims responsibility for hostage siege in Melbourne Australia that killed 1 person and injured 3
Big meeting today with Republican leadership concerning Tax Cuts and Healthcare. We are all pushing hard - must get it right!
The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media. They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out.
During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology. Leaders pointed to Qatar - look!
Sorry folks but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN NBC ABC CBS washpost or nytimes I would have had ZERO chance winning WH
So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off. They said they would take a hard line on funding...
...extremism and all reference was pointing to Qatar. Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism!
Today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of Normandy 73 years ago. #DDay  meeting with  and  leaders including      Announcement of Air Traffic Control Initiative Watch passed the VA Accountability Act. The House should get this bill to my desk ASAP! We cant tolerate substandard care for our vets.
I will be nominating Christopher A. Wray a man of impeccable credentials to be the new Director of the FBI. Details to follow.
Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati in the GREAT STATE of OHIO to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare amp; also Infrastructure!
Despite so many false statements and lies total and complete vindication...and WOW Comey is a leaker!
Great reporting by  and so many others. Thank you!
RT  We should stop talking about obstruction of justice. No plausible case. We must distinguish crimes from pol sins  to Jeb Hensarling amp; Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial law. GROWTH!
An honor to join the  Coalition yesterday. In America we don't worship government. We worship God.  great honor to host and welcome leaders from around America to the  Infrastructure Summit.  is time to rebuild OUR country to bring back OUR jobs to restore OUR dreams amp; yes to put #AmericaFirst! TY O  to start building in our country with American workers amp; with American iron aluminum amp; steel. It is time to  is going to build again. Under budget and ahead of schedule. Time to put #AmericaFirst! #InfrastructureWeek  #FakeNews MSM doesn't report the great economic news since Election Day. #DOW up 16. #NASDAQ up 19.5. Drilling amp; energy sector...
...way up. Regulations way down. 600000 new jobs added. Unemployment down to 4.3. Business and economic enthusiasm way up- record levels!
I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. Totally illegal? Very 'cowardly!'
The Democrats have no message  not on economics not on taxes  not on jobs not on failing #Obamacare. They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS!
My daughter Ivanka will be on  tomorrow morning. Enjoy!
RT  "Yesterday's hearings provided zero evidence of collusion between our campaign and the Russians because there wasn't any
RT  . Chances of impeachment went from 3 to 0 with Comey's testimony  numbers on the economy. All of our work including the passage of many bills amp; regulation killing Executive Orders now kicking in!
Ivanka on  now!
We will NEVER FORGET the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific #PulseNightClub shooting.  'First New Coal Mine of Trump Era Opens in Pennsylvania'  held our first full  meeting today. With this great team we can restore American prosperity and br  to the 2016  Tigers!Full ceremony:   Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty. Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. Sad!
Well as predicted the 9th Circuit did it again - Ruled against the TRAVEL BAN at such a dangerous time in the history of our country. S.C.
RT   Liberals have an agenda and it's not in America's best interest. Keep fighting the good fight! We stand with
A.G. Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes...gave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection. Totally illegal!
Fake News is at an all time high. Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories???
Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS JOBS JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting.
2 million more people just dropped out of ObamaCare. It is in a death spiral. Obstructionist Democrats gave up have no answer = resist!
Just arrived in Wisconsin to discuss JOBS JOBS JOBS! #MAGA  passage of the  Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act is GREAT news for veterans! I lo   . :  told Tillerson he had the full support of the U.S. Gov't to bring #OttoWarmbier home
Just got back from Wisconsin. Great day great people!
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana a true friend and patriot was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him.
Happy birthday to U.S. ARMY and our soldiers. Thank you for your bravery sacrifices amp; dedication. Proud to be your Commander-in-Chief!
Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise one of the truly great people is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve!
They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story found zero proof so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. Nice
You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people!  #MAGA
Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at but my non-dealings are?
Crooked H destroyed phones w hammer 'bleached' emails amp; had husband meet wAG days before she was cleared- amp; they talk about obstruction?
Thank you Wisconsin! Tuesday was a great success for #WorkforceWeek at  w  amp;  Remarks   7 months of investigations amp; committee hearings about my "collusion with the Russians"  nobody has been able to show any proof. Sad!
The Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful Social Media - over 100 million people! I can go around them
Despite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America the economic amp; jobs numbers are great. Regulations way down jobs and enthusiasm way up!
I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt
Great news! #MAGA  by President Trump on the Policy of the U.S.A. Towards Cuba"Video:   Security Presidential Memorandum on Strengthening the Policy of the United States Toward Cuba"Memorandum  from Miami where my CubanAmerican friends are very happy with what I signed today. Another campaign promise that I did not forget!
RT  #Hannity Starts in 30 minutes with  and my monologue on the Deep States allies in the media
Thoughts and prayers with the sailors of USS Fitzgerald and their families. Thank you to our Japanese allies for th  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt. Many new jobs high business enthusiasm..
...massive regulation cuts 36 new legislative bills signed great new S.C.Justice and Infrastructure Healthcare and Tax Cuts in works!
The new Rasmussen Poll one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election just out with a Trump 50 Approval Rating.That's higher than O's #'s!
RT  The Media Says:  The President Should Stop Tweeting about Russia.  Well Why Don't the Media Take Their Own Advice amp; S
RT  Not surprising at all! Father Of Otto Warmbier: Obama Admin Told Us To Keep Quiet Trump Admin Brought Him Home   David is a very special place. An honor to have spent the weekend there. Military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do!
RT  Happy Father's Day!  Sekulow on  now.
The Dems want to stop tax cuts good healthcare and Border Security.Their ObamaCare is dead with 100 increases in P's. Vote now for Karen H
My heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7  sailors of the #USSFitzgerald and their families.   Norman who is running for Congress in SC's 5th District will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes and....
....getting great border security and healthcare. #VoteRalphNorman tomorrow!
Karen Handle's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent....
....because he doesn't live there! He wants to raise taxes amp; kill healthcare. On Tuesday #VoteKarenHandel.
Karen Handel's opponent in #GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent....
....because he doesn't even live there! He wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare. On Tuesday #VoteKarenHandel.
It was my great honor to welcome President  amp; Mrs. Varela from Panama this afternoon.  and I offer our deepest condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier. Full statement:    New Poll Shows  Approval at 50 Percent  What's happening in our country isn't just an assault on our   it's an assault on the American people
Big day tomorrow in Georgia and South Carolina. ObamaCare is dead. Dems want to raise taxes big! They can only obstruct no ideas. Vote "R"
Democrat Jon Ossoff who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security doesn't even live in district.
RT  Happy Father's Day to all dads. My dad. Like father like son  supporters to the end. He an Airborne Ra
KAREN HANDEL FOR CONGRESS. She will fight for lower taxes great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up! VOTE TODAY
The U.S. once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim. Video:  I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi amp; China to help with North Korea it has not worked out. At least I know China tried!
It was a great honor to welcome President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine to the  today with  Pence.  are looking great for Karen H!
Thank you  "Huge win for President Trump and GOP in Georgia Congressional Special Election."
Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th. Fantastic job we are all very proud of you!
Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolina's 5th District. We are all honored by your success tonight!
Well the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! All the Fake News all the money spent = 0
Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on HealthcareTax CutsSecurity. Obstruction doesn't work!
Just landed in Iowa. See everyone soon! #MAGA
Thank you Kirkwood Community College. Heading to the U.S. Cellular Center now for an 8pmE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN  night in Iowa - special people. Thank you!
Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between Trump amp; Russia.
By the way if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election it all took place during the Obama Admin. Why didn't they stop them?
...Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks (long prior to election). It's all a big Dem HOAX!
...Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI and still hasn't? It's all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election!
I certainly hope the Democrats do not force Nancy P out. That would be very bad for the Republican Party - and please let Cryin' Chuck stay!
With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance intercepts unmasking and illegal leaking of information I have no idea...
...whether there are "tapes" or recordings of my conversations with James Comey but I did not make and do not have any such recordings.
As promised our campaign against the MS-13 gang continues. " Busts 39 MS-13 Members in New York Operation" was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world after only Syria. Drug trade is largely the cause. We will BUILD THE WALL!
I am very supportive of the Senate #HealthcareBill. Look forward to making it really special! Remember ObamaCare is dead.
Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!#AmericaFirst  all thinking of you  #TeamScalise  amp; I were honored to host our first WH Congressional Picnic. A wonderful evening amp; tradition.    . I want to Get to a 'Yes' Vote:   POTUS the predictor? President Trump foretold housing upswing in 2012  be on  Enjoy!
I've helped pass and signed 38 Legislative Bills mostly with no Democratic support and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations. Nice!
Today it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the #VAaccountability Act into law delivering my campaign promise  ADDRESS  out: The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia. Did nothing about it. WHY?
Democrats slam GOP healthcare proposal as Obamacare premiums amp; deductibles increase by over 100. Remember keep your doctor keep your plan?
Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling why no action? Focus on them not T!
Obama Administration official said they "choked" when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election. They didn't want to hurt Hillary?
I cannot imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare any longer!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders. Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie!
I am on  - Enjoy!
The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS they have no policies or ideas. All they do is delay and complain.They own ObamaCare!
The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win..
...and did not want to "rock the boat." He didn't "choke" he colluded or obstructed and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good.
The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling. With 4 months looking at Russia...
..under a magnifying glass they have zero "tapes" of T people colluding. There is no collusion amp; no obstruction. I should be given apology!
Republican Senators are working very hard to get there with no help from the Democrats. Not easy! Perhaps just let OCare crash amp; burn!
RT  #Obamacare has led to higher costs and fewer health insurance options for millions of Americans. It has failed the American
RT  Today  will welcome the Prime Minister of India  to the White House.  grateful for the 9-O decision from the U. S. Supreme Court. We must keep America SAFE!
RT  FACT: when #Obamacare was signed CBO estimated that 23M would be covered in 2017. They were off by 100. Only 10.3M people
From  "Bombshell: In 2016 Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election."  Check out his statement - Witch Hunt!
Great day for America's future Security and Safety courtesy of the U.S. Supreme Court. I will keep fighting for the American people amp; WIN!
Wow CNN had to retract big story on "Russia" with 3 employees forced to resign. What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS!
RT      Mark Levin: The collusion is among the Democrats   Hannity: Russia allegations 'boomeranging back' on Democrats   Another Dem 'queasy' over claim of Loretta Lynch meddling in Clinton case   President Trump officially nominates former Assistant Attorney General Christopher Wray to head the FBI   Good morning friends!  "The Swamp" out today.  President Trump has a copy... get yours here  #maga
Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories. Ratings way down!
So they caught Fake News CNN cold but what about NBC CBS amp; ABC? What about the failing  amp;  They are all Fake News!
With ZERO Democrats to help and a failed expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy the Republican Senators are working hard!
I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare. They really want to get it right unlike OCare!
The failing  writes false story after false story about me. They don't even call to verify the facts of a story. A Fake News Joke!
Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare. Wrong I know the subject well amp; want victory for U.S.
RT  HAPPENING TODAY: House to vote on immigration bills including 'Kates Law' and 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act'  #AmazonWashingtonPost sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is FAKE NEWS!
#ICYMI- on Monday I had the great honor of welcoming India's Prime Minister  to the WH. Full Remarks:  was my great honor to welcome the 2016 World Series Champion Chicago   to the  this afternoon.  I hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in Congress tomorrow. Watch and read more  purposely misstated Medicaid under new Senate bill - actually goes up.  my first day in office weve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on American energy. Remarks  the House votes on #KatesLaw amp; No Sanctuary For Criminals Act. Lawmakers must vote to put American safety  Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the U.S. Had no deal for many years which hurt U.S. badly.
I heard poorly rated  speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika along with Psycho Joe came..
...to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!
Today the House votes on two crucial bills:#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct #KatesLaw Pass these bills amp; lets  AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct #KatesLaw #SaveAmericanLives  me LIVE with    and  #UnleashingAmericanEnergy Says Trumps Warning Stopped Chemical Weapons Attack In Syria"  news House just passed #KatesLaw. Hopefully Senate will follow.
Good news out of the House with the passing of 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.' Hopefully Senate will follow.
Statement on House Passage of Kates Law and No Sanctuary for Criminals Act.  it comes to the future of Americas energy needs we will FIND IT we will DREAM IT and we will BUILD IT.  new American Energy Policy will unlock MILLIONS of jobs amp; TRILLIONS in wealth. We are on the cusp of a true ene  finished a very good meeting with the President of South Korea. Many subjects discussed including North Korea and new trade deal!
If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now they should immediately REPEAL and then REPLACE at a later date!
Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help. 1714 shootings in Chicago this year!
Watched low rated  for first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad show
I am encouraged by President Moon's assurances that he will work to level the playing field for American workers b  era of strategic patience with the North Korea regime has failed. That patience is over. We are working closely  will THINK BIG once again. We will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of American  Canada Day to all of the great people of Canada and to your Prime Minister and my new found friend  #Canada150
Word is that  Van Susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at  amp;  because she refused to go along w 'Trump hate!'
Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL. What are they trying to hide?
I am extremely pleased to see that  has finally been exposed as #FakeNews and garbage journalism. It's about time!
Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad!
Weekly Address #KatesLaw#NoSanctuaryForCriminalsActStatement:   rdy to leave for tonight's Celebrate Freedom Concert honoring our GREAT VETERANS w so many of my evangelic  FAKE amp; FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media - but remember I won....
....the 2016 election with interviews speeches and social media. I had to beat #FakeNews and did. We will continue to WIN!
I am thinking about changing the name #FakeNews CNN to #FraudNewsCNN!
My use of social media is not Presidential - its MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL. Make America Great Again!
We will always take care of our GREAT VETERANS. You have shed your blood poured your love and bared your soul in  #FNN  dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE!  Market at all time high unemployment at lowest level in years (wages will start going up) and our base has never been stronger!
America's men amp; women in uniform is the story of FREEDOM overcoming OPPRESSION the STRONG protecting the WEAK amp; G  be speaking with Germany and France this morning.
Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia about peace in the Middle-East. Interesting things are happening!
Will be speaking with Italy this morning!
At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers strong economy success with ISIS the border amp; so much else!
If we can help little #CharlieGard as per our friends in the U.K. and the Pope we would be delighted to do so.
RT  With a strong candidate in  amp;  revolutionary data program Republicans carried WI for 1st time in 30 years you to Shawn Steel for the nice words on  great numbers on jobs amp; the economy! Things are starting to kick in now and we have just begun! Don't like steel amp; aluminum dumping!
Dow hit a new intraday all-time high! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so report?
RT   When Obama was President the #MSM LOVED talking about stock market rallies! Now they barely mention new a
North Korea has just launched another missile. Does this guy have anything better to do with his life? Hard to believe that South Korea.....
....and Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all!
#HappyIndependenceDay #July4 #USA  ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a big crowd at the White House. Happy 4th to everyone. Our country will grow and prosper!
Gas prices are the lowest in the U.S. in over ten years! I would like to see them go even lower.
#HappyIndependenceDay #USA  ready to leave for Poland after which I will travel to Germany for the G-20. Will be back on Saturday.
The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world history.Why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?
Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40 in the first quarter. So much for China working with us - but we had to give it a try!
Congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the USSS as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary. Thank you!   behalf of  Melania and myself thank you Poland!#ICYMI watch here  #POTUSinPoland  is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and extremism. #POTUSinPoland  WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN. Our values will PREVAIL. Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH!  strong Poland is a blessing to the nations of Europe and a strong Europe is a blessing to the West and to the world.  experience yesterday in Poland was a great one. Thank you to everyone including the haters for the great reviews of the speech!
After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinz Abe of Japan amp; President Moon of South Korea.
Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful!
I look forward to all meetings today with world leaders including my meeting with Vladimir Putin. Much to discuss.#G20Summit #USA
I will represent our country well and fight for its interests! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares! We will #MAGA!
Thank you! Trumps Defining Speech WSJ Editorial:   first day with world leaders at the #G20Summit here in Hamburg Germany. Looking forward to day two! #USA  will fight the #FakeNews with you!  #G20Summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by Chancellor Angela Merkel. Thank you!
Law enforcement amp; military did a spectacular job in Hamburg. Everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists.  #G20Summit
Leaving Hamburg for Washington D.C. and the WH. Just left Chinas President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade amp; North Korea.
Thank you  very kind!  G 20 Summit was a great success for the U.S. - Explained that the U.S. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. Will get done!
I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. I've already given my opinion.....
...We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives. Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia!
Putin amp; I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit    so that election hacking amp; many other negative things will be guarded..
...and safe. Questions were asked about why the CIA amp; FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER and were rejected still don't....
...have it. Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 (had to apologize). Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election?
Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin. Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian amp; Syrian problems are solved!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  years even as a "civilian" I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare. Now they finally have their chance!
Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. Many lives can be saved. Came out of meeting. Good!
The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit  doesn't mean I think it can happen. It can't-but a ceasefire canamp; did!
Leaving Puerto Rico now for D.C. Will be in Las Vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects. Everyone is in my thoughts and prayers.  meeting with Governor Mapp of the #USVI. He is very thankful for the great job done by  and First Responders.  proud of  Military and First Responders! Thank you!  is a "miracle" how fast the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing!
sentative Devin Nunes a man of tremendous courage and grit may someday be recognized as a Great American Hero for what he has exposed and what he has had to endure!
Thanks to the historic TAX CUTS that I signed into law your paychecks are going way UP your taxes are going way DOWN and America is once again OPEN FOR BUSINESS!  disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed  linebacker Edwin Jackson. This is just one of many such preventable tragedies. We must get the Dems to get tough on the Border and with illegal immigration FAST!
My prayers and best wishes are with the family of Edwin Jackson a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly taken.  shows nearly 7 in 10 Americans support an immigration reform package that includes DACA fully secures the border ends chain migration amp; cancels the visa lottery. If Ds oppose this deal they arent serious about DACA-they just want open borders.  need a 21st century MERIT-BASED immigration system.  Chain migration and the visa lottery are outdated programs that hurt our economic and national security.  we heard the experiences of law enforcement professionals and community leaders working to combat the threat of MS-13 and the reforms we need from Congress to defeat it. Watch here:   BIRTHDAY to our 40th President of the United States of America Ronald Reagan!   and  on the successful #FalconHeavy launch. This achievement along with  commercial and international partners continues to show American ingenuity at its best!  the old days when good news was reported the Stock Market would go up. Today when good news is reported the Stock Market goes down. Big mistake and we have so much good (great) news about the economy!
NEW FBI TEXTS ARE BOMBSHELLS!
Best wishes to the Republic of Korea on hosting the  What a wonderful opportunity to show everyone that you are a truly GREAT NATION!  to the Republic of Korea on what will be a MAGNIFICENT Winter Olympics! What the South Korean people have built is truly an inspiration!  Budget Agreement today is so important for our great Military. It ends the dangerous sequester and gives Secretary Mattis what he needs to keep America Great. Republicans and Democrats must support our troops and support this Bill!
Will be heading over shortly to make remarks at The National Prayer Breakfast in Washington. Great religious and political leaders and many friends including T.V. producer Mark Burnett of our wonderful 14 season Apprentice triumph will be there. Looking forward to seeing all!
Our founders invoked our Creator four times in the Declaration of Independence. Our currency declares IN GOD WE TRUST. And we place our hands on our hearts as we recite the Pledge of Allegiance and proclaim that we are One Nation Under God. #NationalPrayerBreakfast  will be meeting with Henry Kissinger at 1:45pm. Will be discussing North Korea China and the Middle East.
As long as we open our eyes to Gods grace - and open our hearts to Gods love - then America will forever be the land of the free the home of the brave and a light unto all nations. #NationalPrayerBreakfast  to end the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans.  -Senator Mark Warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch. Warner did not want a paper trail on a private meeting (in London) he requested with Steele of fraudulent Dossier fame. All tied into Crooked Hillary.
Just signed Bill. Our Military will now be stronger than ever before. We love and need our Military and gave them everything  and more. First time this has happened in a long time. Also means JOBS JOBS JOBS!
Without more Republicans in Congress we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order to finally after many years of depletion take care of our Military. Sadly we needed some Dem votes for passage. Must elect more Republicans in 2018 Election!
Costs on non-military lines will never come down if we do not elect more Republicans in the 2018 Election and beyond. This Bill is a BIG VICTORY for our Military but much waste in order to get Dem votes. Fortunately DACA not included in this Bill negotiations to start now!
Jobless claims have dropped to a 45 year low!
The Democrats sent a very political and long response memo which they knew because of sources and methods (and more) would have to be heavily redacted whereupon they would blame the White House for lack of transparency. Told them to re-do and send back in proper form!
According to the  a Russian sold phony secrets on Trump to the U.S. Asking price was $10 million brought down to $1 million to be paid over time. I hope people are now seeing amp; understanding what is going on here. It is all now starting to come out - DRAIN THE SWAMP!
Peoples lives are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation. Some are true and some are false. Some are old and some are new. There is no recovery for someone falsely accused - life and career are gone. Is there no such thing any longer as Due Process?
My view is that not only has Trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the Dossier and the lies about the ClintonDNC Dossier it shows that hes been victimized. Hes been victimized by the Obama Administration who were using all sorts of.......
....agencies not just the FBI amp; DOJ now the State Department to dig up dirt on him in the days leading up to the Election. Comey had conversations with Donald Trump which I dont believe were accurate...he leaked information (corrupt). Tom Fitton of Judicial Watch on  want to fix DACA far more than the Democrats do. The Dems had all three branches of government back in 2008-2011 and they decided not to do anything about DACA. They only want to use it as a campaign issue. Vote Republican!
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers their families and everybody at the   Administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe modern and lawful immigration system: fully securing the border ending chain migration and canceling the visa lottery. Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans.  many positive things going on for the U.S.A. and the Fake News Media just doesnt want to go there. Same negative stories over and over again! No wonder the People no longer trust the media whose approval ratings are correctly at their lowest levels in history!    #MAGA
4.2 million hard working Americans have already received a large Bonus andor Pay Increase because of our recently Passed Tax Cut amp; Jobs Bill....and it will only get better! We are far ahead of schedule.
Rep. Lou Barletta a Great Republican from Pennsylvania who was one of my very earliest supporters will make a FANTASTIC Senator. He is strong amp; smart loves Pennsylvania amp; loves our Country! Voted for Tax Cuts unlike Bob Casey who listened to Tax Hikers Pelosi and Schumer!
Just spoke to  to express condolences and prayers to all for the horrible shooting of two great police officers from  This is a true tragedy!
This will be a big week for Infrastructure. After so stupidly spending $7 trillion in the Middle East it is now time to start investing in OUR Country!
Thank you to Sue Kruczek who lost her wonderful and talented son Nick to the Opioid scourge for your kind words while on  We are fighting this terrible epidemic hard - Nick will not have died in vain!
The journey to #MAGA began  2011 and the opportunity to reconnect with friends and supporters is something I look forward to every year. See you at #CPAC2018!
Our infrastructure plan has been put forward and has received great reviews by everyone except of course the Democrats. After many years we have taken care of our Military now we have to fix our roads bridges tunnels airports and more. Bipartisan make deal Dems?
Negotiations on DACA have begun. Republicans want to make a deal and Democrats say they want to make a deal. Wouldnt it be great if we could finally after so many years solve the DACA puzzle. This will be our last chance there will never be another opportunity! March 5th.
As we come together to celebrate the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to our nation our thoughts turn to the heroes of the civil rights movement whose courage and sacrifice have inspired us all. Proclamation:   I was honored to be joined by Republicans and Democrats from both the House and Senate as well as members of my Cabinet - to discuss the urgent need to rebuild and restore Americas depleted infrastructure.   prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible Florida shooting. No child teacher or anyone else should ever feel unsafe in an American school.
Just spoke to Governor Rick Scott. We are working closely with law enforcement on the terrible Florida school shooting.
So many signs that the Florida shooter was mentally disturbed even expelled from school for bad and erratic behavior. Neighbors and classmates knew he was a big problem. Must always report such instances to authorities again and again!
While the Republicans and Democrats in Congress are working hard to come up with a solution to DACA they should be strongly considering a system of Merit Based Immigration so that we will have the people ready willing and able to help all of those companies moving into the USA!
In times of tragedy the bonds that sustain us are those of family faith community and country. These bonds are stronger than the forces of hatred and evil - and these bonds grow even stronger in the hours of our greatest need.    Schumer-Rounds-Collins destroys the ability of  to enforce immigration laws creating a mass amnesty for over 10 millio
The Schumer-Rounds-Collins immigration bill would be a total catastrophe.  says it would be the end of immigration enforcement in America. It creates a giant amnesty (including for dangerous criminals) doesnt build the wall expands chain migration keeps the visa...
...lottery continues deadly catch-and-release and bars enforcement even for FUTURE illegal immigrants. Voting for this amendment would be a vote AGAINST law enforcement and a vote FOR open borders. If Dems are actually serious about DACA they should support the Grassley bill!
Presidential Proclamation Honoring the Victims of the Tragedy in Parkland Florida:   will be leaving for Florida today to meet with some of the bravest people on earth - but people whose lives have been totally shattered. Am also working with Congress on many fronts.
Cannot believe how BADLY DACA recipients have been treated by the Democrats...totally abandoned! Republicans are still working hard.
Russia started their anti-US campaign in 2014 long before I announced that I would run for President. The results of the election were not impacted. The Trump campaign did nothing wrong - no collusion!
Our entire Nation wone heavy heart continues to pray for the victims amp; their families in Parkland FL. To teachers law enforcement first responders amp; medical professionals who responded so bravely in the face of danger: We THANK YOU for your courage!   and I met such incredible people last night in Broward County Florida. Will never forget them or the evening!
Charges Deal Don A Big Win written by Michael Goodwin of the  succinctly states that the Russians had no impact on the election results. There was no Collusion with the Trump Campaign. She lost the old-fashioned way by being a terrible candidate. Case closed.
Deputy A.G. Rod Rosenstein stated at the News Conference: There is no allegation in the indictment that any American was a knowing participant in this illegal activity. There is no allegation in the indictment that the charged conduct altered the outcome of the 2016 election.
Funny how the Fake News Media doesnt want to say that the Russian group was formed in 2014 long before my run for President. Maybe they knew I was going to run even though I didnt know!
The Fake News Media never fails. Hard to ignore this fact from the Vice President of Facebook Ads Rob Goldman!  have seen all of the Russian ads and I can say very definitively that swaying the election was *NOT* the main goal.Rob GoldmanVice President of Facebook Ads  like they dont want to solve the DACA problem why didnt the Democrats pass gun control legislation when they had both the House amp; Senate during the Obama Administration. Because they didnt want to and now they just talk!
Very sad that the FBI missed all of the many signals sent out by the Florida school shooter. This is not acceptable. They are spending too much time trying to prove Russian collusion with the Trump campaign - there is no collusion. Get back to the basics and make us all proud!
General McMaster forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the Russians and that the only Collusion was between Russia and Crooked H the DNC and the Dems. Remember the Dirty Dossier Uranium Speeches Emails and the Podesta Company!
Never gotten over the fact that Obama was able to send $1.7 Billion Dollars in CASH to Iran and nobody in Congress the FBI or Justice called for an investigation!
Finally Liddle Adam Schiff the leakin monster of no control is now blaming the Obama Administration for Russian meddling in the 2016 Election. He is finally right about something. Obama was President knew of the threat and did nothing. Thank you Adam!
I never said Russia did not meddle in the election I said it may be Russia or China or another country or group or it may be a 400 pound genius sitting in bed and playing with his computer. The Russian hoax was that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia - it never did!
Now that Adam Schiff is starting to blame President Obama for Russian meddling in the election he is probably doing so as yet another excuse that the Democrats lead by their fearless leader Crooked Hillary Clinton lost the 2016 election. But wasnt I a great candidate?
RT  Big night. Largest-ever Dallas County GOP Reagan Day Dinner. As I told the crowd under President  Promise
If it was the GOAL of Russia to create discord disruption and chaos within the U.S. then with all of the Committee Hearings Investigations and Party hatred they have succeeded beyond their wildest dreams. They are laughing their asses off in Moscow. Get smart America!
The Fake News of big ratings loser CNN.  Pollster John McLaughlin now has the GOP up in the Generic Congressional Ballot. Big gain over last 4 weeks. I guess people are loving the big Tax Cuts given them by the Republicans the Cuts the Dems want to take away. We need more Republicans!
Thank you to KenStarr former Independent Counsel Whitewater for your insight and powerful words on FISA abuse Russian meddling etc. Really great interview with  great friends from NASCAR are having their big race today The Daytona 500. Brian France and the France family are special people. Enjoy the race!
Just watched a very insecure Oprah Winfrey who at one point I knew very well interview a panel of people on 60 Minutes. The questions were biased and slanted the facts incorrect. Hope Oprah runs so she can be exposed and defeated just like all of the others!
Have a great but very reflective Presidents Day!
Obama was President up to and beyond the 2016 Election. So why didnt he do something about Russian meddling?
. has announced he is running for the Senate from the wonderful State of Utah. He will make a great Senator and worthy successor to  and has my full support and endorsement!
The U.S. economy is looking very good in my opinion even better than anticipated. Companies are pouring back into our country reversing the long term trend of leaving. The unemployment numbers are looking great and Regulations amp; Taxes have been massively Cut! JOBS JOBS JOBS
The Faith of Donald Trump a book just out by David Brody and Scott Lamb is a very interesting read. Enjoy!
Thank you to  for the great timeline on all of the failures the Obama Administration had against Russia including Crimea Syria and so much more. We are now starting to win again!
There is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig Americas elections theres no evidence that that has happened in the past or that it will happen this time and so Id invite Mr. Trump to stop whining and make his case to get votes. .....
....The President Obama quote just before election. Thats because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and he didnt want to rock the boat. When I easily won the Electoral College the whole game changed and the Russian excuse became the narrative of the Dems.
Republicans are now leading the Generic Poll perhaps because of the popular Tax Cuts which the Dems want to take away. Actually they want to raise you taxes substantially. Also they want to do nothing on DACA Rs want to fix!
Matt Schlapp and CPAC are getting ready for another exciting event. Big difference from those days when President Obama held the White House. Youve come a long way Matt!
Hope Republicans in the Great State of Pennsylvania challenge the new pushed Congressional Map all the way to the Supreme Court if necessary. Your Original was correct! Dont let the Dems take elections away from you so that they can raise taxes amp; waste money!
I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama just look at the facts. Total Fake News!
A woman I dont know and to the best of my knowledge never met is on the FRONT PAGE of the Fake News Washington Post saying I kissed her (for two minutes yet) in the lobby of Trump Tower 12 years ago. Never happened! Who would do this in a public space with live security......
....cameras running. Another False Accusation. Why doesnt  report the story of the women taking money to make up stories about me? One had her home mortgage paid off. Only  so reported...doesnt fit the Mainstream Media narrative.
Main Street is BOOMING thanks to our incredible TAX CUT and Reform law. "This shows small-business owners are more than just optimistic they are ready to grow their businesses."  ratings  amp;  got scammed when they covered the anti-Trump Russia rally wall-to-wall. They probably knew it was Fake News but because it was a rally against me they pushed it hard anyway. Two really dishonest newscasters but the public is wise!
So true thank you!   Whether we are Republican or Democrat we must now focus on strengthening Background Checks!
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration right up to January 20th why arent they the subject of the investigation? Why didnt Obama do something about the meddling? Why arent Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Session!
The GREAT Billy Graham is dead. There was nobody like him! He will be missed by Christians and all religions. A very special man.
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration right up to January 20th why arent they the subject of the investigation? Why didnt Obama do something about the meddling? Why arent Dem crimes under investigation? Ask Jeff Sessions!
Yesterday it was my great honor to recognize extraordinary Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders and to award them the the highest possible decoration for bravery by public safety officers the Medal of Valor. #AmericanHeroes  Melania and I join millions of people around the world in mourning the passing of Billy Graham. Our prayers are with his children grandchildren great-grandchildren and all who worked closely with Reverend Graham in his lifelong ministry.  will always remember the time I spent today with courageous students teachers and families. So much love in the midst of so much pain. We must not let them down. We must keep our children safe!!Full Listening Session:   never said give teachers guns like was stated on Fake News  amp;  What I said was to look at the possibility of giving concealed guns to gun adept teachers with military or special training experience - only the best. 20 of teachers a lot would now be able to
....immediately fire back if a savage sicko came to a school with bad intentions. Highly trained teachers would also serve as a deterrent to the cowards that do this. Far more assets at much less cost than guards. A gun free school is a magnet for bad people. ATTACKS WOULD END!
....History shows that a school shooting lasts on average 3 minutes. It takes police amp; first responders approximately 5 to 8 minutes to get to site of crime. Highly trained gun adept teacherscoaches would solve the problem instantly before police arrive. GREAT DETERRENT!
....If a potential sicko shooter knows that a school has a large number of very weapons talented teachers (and others) who will be instantly shooting the sicko will NEVER attack that school. Cowards wont go there...problem solved. Must be offensive defense alone wont work!
I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health. Raise age to 21 and end sale of Bump Stocks! Congress is in a mood to finally do something on this issue - I hope!
What many people dont understand or dont want to understand is that Wayne Chris and the folks who work so hard at the  are Great People and Great American Patriots. They love our Country and will do the right thing.                  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Will be meeting with Lawmakers today at 11:30 A.M. to discuss School Safety.  Next week it will be with our Nations Governors. Its been many years of all talk no action. Well get it done!
On behalf of an entire Nation CONGRATULATIONS to the U.S. Women's Hockey Team on winning the GOLD! #GoTeamUSA #Olympics  it was my great honor to host a School Safety Roundtable at the  with State and local leaders law enforcement officers and education officials.There is nothing more important than protecting our children. They deserve to be safe and we will deliver!  shooting survivor says he quit  Town Hall after refusing scripted question.  Just like so much of CNN Fake News. Thats why their ratings are so bad! MSNBC may be worse.
MS-13 gang members are being removed by our Great ICE and Border Patrol Agents by the thousands but these killers come back in from El Salvador and through Mexico like water. El Salvador just takes our money and Mexico must help MORE with this problem. We need The Wall!
CPAC Today!
My daughter Ivanka just arrived in South Korea. We cannot have a better or smarter person representing our country.
For those of you who are still interested the Democrats have totally forgotten about DACA. Not a lot of interest on this subject from them!
After years of rebuilding OTHER nations we are finally rebuilding OUR nation - and we are restoring our confidence and our pride! #CPAC2018  salute our great American flag we put our hands on our hearts for the pledge of Allegiance and we all PROUDLY STAND for the National Anthem. #CPAC2018  nations motto is IN GOD WE TRUST. This week our nation lost an incredible leader who devoted his life to helping us understand what those words really mean. We will never forget the historic crowds the voice the energy and the profound faith of Billy Graham! #CPAC2018   Melania and I were honored to welcome Prime Minister  and Mrs. Turnbull of Australia to the  Conference:   you to the great men and women of the United States  for a job well done!
So true Wayne and Lowest black unemployment in history!   I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health. Raise age to 21 and end
Armed Educators (and trusted people who work within a school) love our students and will protect them. Very smart people. Must be firearms adept amp; have annual training. Should get yearly bonus. Shootings will not happen again - a big amp; very inexpensive deterrent. Up to States.
Democrat judges have totally redrawn election lines in the great State of Pennsylvania.  This is very unfair to Republicans and to our country as a whole. Must be appealed to the United States Supreme Court ASAP!
Unemployment claims are at the lowest level since 1973. Much of this has to do with the massive cutting of unnecessary and job killing Regulations!
Dems are no longer talking DACA! Out of sight out of mind they say. DACA beneficiaries should not be happy. Nancy Pelosi truly doesnt care about them. Republicans stand ready to make a deal!
BIG CPAC STRAW POLL RESULTS: 93 APPROVE OF THE JOB PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DOING (Thank you!). 50 say President Trump should Tweet MORE or SAME (funny!). 79 say Republicans in Congress should do a better job of working with President Trump (starting to happen).
The Democrat memo response on government surveillance abuses is a total political and legal BUST. Just confirms all of the terrible things that were done. SO ILLEGAL!
Dem Memo: FBI did not disclose who the clients were - the Clinton Campaign and the DNC. Wow!
Russians had no compromising information on Donald Trump   Of course not because there is none and never was. This whole Witch Hunt is an illegal disgrace...and Obama did nothing about Russia!
Congressman Schiff omitted and distorted key facts   So what else is new. He is a total phony!
I will be interviewed by  on  at 9:00 P.M. Enjoy!
RT  President  on DACA: "I'm the one that's pushing DACA and the Democrats are nowhere to be found."   President  on Dem FISA memo: "A lot of bad things happened on the other side not on this side but the other
RT      Merit-based immigration reform will benefit American workers and relieve the strain imposed by our current system on Federa
Hes got a very good point. Somebody in the Justice Department has a treasure trove of evidence of Mrs. Clintons criminality at her own hands or through others that ought to be investigated. I fully agree with the President on that.  on  Show
Ive been skeptical about the collusion and obstruction claims for the last year. I just dont see the evidence....in terms of the collusion its all a bit implausible based on the evidence we have.  Jonathan Turley on  seen NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION....I have seen nothing the firing of James Comey and all of the aftermath that suggests that the President has obstructed justice because hes exercising his power as the President of the U.S. I just dont see it.  Judge Ken Starr
WITCH HUNT!
I want to encourage all of my many Texas friends to vote in the primary for Governor Greg Abbott Senator Ted Cruz Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick and Attorney General Ken Paxton. They are helping me to Make America Great Again! Vote early or on March 6th.
American consumers are the most confident they've been since 2000....A strong job market is boosting confidence. The unemployment rate has stayed at a 17-year low.  LC George P. Bush backed me when it wasnt the politically correct thing to do and I back him now. Also AC Sid Miller has been with me from the beginning he is Trumps Man in Texas. Also support Comptroller Glenn Hegar and Railroad Commissioner Christi Craddick.
. of Mississippi has been a great supporter and incredible help in getting our massive Tax Cut Bill done and approved. Also big help on cutting regs. I am with him in his re-election all the way!
Such a beautiful map thank you!  legal win today. U.S. judge sided with the Trump Administration and rejected the attempt to stop the government from building a great Border Wall on the Southern Border. Now this important project can go forward!
The Heritage Foundation has just stated that 64 of the Trump Agenda is already done faster than even Ronald Reagan. Were blown away said Thomas Binion of Heritage President Trump is very active very conservative and very effective. Huge volume amp; spectrum of issues.
I have decided that sections of the Wall that California wants built NOW will not be built until the whole Wall is approved. Big victory yesterday with ruling from the courts that allows us to proceed. OUR COUNTRY MUST HAVE BORDER SECURITY!
45 year low on illegal border crossings this year. Ice and Border Patrol Agents are doing a great job for our Country. MS-13 thugs being hit hard.
Why is A.G. Jeff Sessions asking the Inspector General to investigate potentially massive FISA abuse. Will take forever has no prosecutorial power and already late with reports on Comey etc. Isnt the I.G. an Obama guy? Why not use Justice Department lawyers? DISGRACEFUL!
Today in the center of this great Chamber lies Billy Graham  an Ambassador for Christ who reminded the world of the power of prayer and the gift of Gods grace.  at a small Bible School in Florida Billy Graham soon led a nationwide revival. From a large tent in Los Angeles to one hundred thousand people in a single day at Yankee Stadium to more than two million people at Madison Square Garden over sixteen weeks in 1957...  we honor Billy Graham as only three private citizens before him have been honored. We say a prayer for our country: that all across this land the Lord will raise up men and women like Billy Graham to spread a message of love and hope to every precious child of God.  was an honor to welcome bipartisan members of Congress for a discussion on SAFE schools and SAFE communities. As we continue to mourn the loss of so many precious young lives in Parkland we are determined to turn our grief into action. Full meeting:   ideas some good amp; some not so good emerged from our bipartisan meeting on school safety yesterday at the White House. Background Checks a big part of conversation. Gun free zones are proven targets of killers. After many years a Bill should emerge. Respect 2nd Amendment!
Our Steel and Aluminum industries (and many others) have been decimated by decades of unfair trade and bad policy with countries from around the world. We must not let our country companies and workers be taken advantage of any longer. We want free fair and SMART TRADE!
Unemployment filings are at their lowest level in over 48 years. Great news for workers and JOBS JOBS JOBS! #MAGA  in U.S. Expands at Fastest Pace Since May 2004  Confidence in February Highest Since November 2000  we will face this challenge as a national family with conviction with unity and with a commitment to love and support our neighbors in times of dire need. Working together we will defeat this #OpioidEpidemic.Full Opioid Summit:   claims at a 49 year low!
Manufacturing growing at the fastest pace in almost two decades!
RT  Trump Comes Through  Saves $1.4 Billion On New Air Force One   My OpEd on the importance of #YouthSports participation and how this Administration is seeking to lift barriers so all our
Good (Great) meeting in the Oval Office tonight with the NRA!
Alex Baldwin whose dieing mediocre career was saved by his impersonation of me on SNL now says playing DJT was agony for him. Alex it was also agony for those who were forced to watch. You were terrible. Bring back Darrell Hammond much funnier and a far greater talent!
When a country (USA) is losing many billions of dollars on trade with virtually every country it does business with trade wars are good and easy to win. Example when we are down $100 billion with a certain country and they get cute dont trade anymore-we win big. Its easy!
Alec Baldwin whose dying mediocre career was saved by his terrible impersonation of me on SNL now says playing me was agony. Alec it was agony for those who were forced to watch. Bring back Darrell Hammond funnier and a far greater talent!
Eric we are all with you and your family! Look forward to seeing you back on T.V.  must protect our country and our workers. Our steel industry is in bad shape. IF YOU DONT HAVE STEEL YOU DONT HAVE A COUNTRY!
When a country Taxes our products coming in at say 50 and we Tax the same product coming into our country at ZERO not fair or smart. We will soon be starting RECIPROCAL TAXES so that we will charge the same thing as they charge us. $800 Billion Trade Deficit-have no choice!
REST IN PEACE BILLY GRAHAM!  to Billy Graham Funeral. A Special Man!
Happy National Anthem Day!  Media in U.S. is being mocked all over the world. Theyve gone CRAZY!  United States has an $800 Billion Dollar Yearly Trade Deficit because of our very stupid trade deals and policies. Our jobs and wealth are being given to other countries that have taken advantage of us for years. They laugh at what fools our leaders have been. No more!
If the E.U. wants to further increase their already massive tariffs and barriers on U.S. companies doing business there we will simply apply a Tax on their Cars which freely pour into the U.S. They make it impossible for our cars (and more) to sell there. Big trade imbalance!
The Gridiron Dinner last night was great fun. I am accomplishing a lot in Washington and have never had a better time doing something and especially since this is for the American People!
We are on the losing side of almost all trade deals. Our friends and enemies have taken advantage of the U.S. for many years. Our Steel and Aluminum industries are dead. Sorry its time for a change! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We have large trade deficits with Mexico and Canada. NAFTA which is under renegotiation right now has been a bad deal for U.S.A. Massive relocation of companies amp; jobs. Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum will only come off if new amp; fair NAFTA agreement is signed. Also Canada must..
...treat our farmers much better. Highly restrictive. Mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into the U.S. They have not done what needs to be done. Millions of people addicted and dying.
To protect our Country we must protect American Steel! #AMERICA FIRST
Why did the Obama Administration start an investigation into the Trump Campaign (with zero proof of wrongdoing) long before the Election in November? Wanted to discredit so Crooked H would win. Unprecedented. Bigger than Watergate! Plus Obama did NOTHING about Russian meddling.
Its March 5th and the Democrats are nowhere to be found on DACA. Gave them 6 months they just dont care. Where are they? We are ready to make a deal!
The new Fake News narrative is that there is CHAOS in the White House. Wrong! People will always come amp; go and I want strong dialogue before making a final decision. I still have some people that I want to change (always seeking perfection). There is no Chaos only great Energy!
Total inaction on DACA by Dems. Where are you? A deal can be made!
We are getting it done - jobs and security!  will see what happens!   Congratulations  Fox has 15 of the top 20 shows with  and  leading the pack at 1st and 2n
Lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY. Problem is we dont have Stars anymore - except your President (just kidding of course)!
Federal Judge in Maryland has just ruled that President Trump has the right to end DACA. President Obama had 8 years to fix this problem and didnt. I am waiting for the Dems they are running for the hills!
Possible progress being made in talks with North Korea. For the first time in many years a serious effort is being made by all parties concerned. The World is watching and waiting! May be false hope but the U.S. is ready to go hard in either direction!
Will be making a decision soon on the appointment of new Chief Economic Advisor. Many people wanting the job - will choose wisely!
Great couple great book!   From Bush 1 to present our Country has lost more than 55000 factories 6000000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad policies amp; leadership. Must win again!  #MAGA
From Bush 1 to present our Country has lost more than 55000 factories 6000000 manufacturing jobs and accumulated Trade Deficits of more than 12 Trillion Dollars. Last year we had a Trade Deficit of almost 800 Billion Dollars. Bad Policies amp; Leadership. Must WIN again!  #MAGA
China has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a One Billion Dollar reduction in their massive Trade Deficit with the United States. Our relationship with China has been a very good one and we look forward to seeing what ideas they come back with. We must act soon!
The U.S. is acting swiftly on Intellectual Property theft. We cannot allow this to happen as it has for many years!
Looking forward to 3:30 P.M. meeting today at the White House. We have to protect amp; build our Steel and Aluminum Industries while at the same time showing great flexibility and cooperation toward those that are real friends  and treat us fairly on both trade and the military.
Happy #InternationalWomensDayFirst Lady Melania Trump to Present the 2018 International Women of Courage Award  meeting with  at the  today! #MAGA  Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Steel into the United States Proclamation:    Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Aluminum into the United States  Proclamation:    Jong Un talked about denuclearization with the South Korean Representatives not just a freeze. Also no missile testing by North Korea during this period of time. Great progress being made but sanctions will remain until an agreement is reached. Meeting being planned!
JOBS JOBS JOBS! #MAGA  forward to being in Pennsylvania tomorrow in support of Rick  Big crowd expected in Moon Township. Vote Rick and see you there! #MAGA
Thats right  Thank you for your support in helping put America back to work. Its about JOBS JOBS JOBS for our incredible workers and putting AMERICA FIRST!  to PM  of Australia. He is committed to having a very fair and reciprocal military and trade relationship. Working very quickly on a security agreement so we dont have to impose steel or aluminum tariffs on our ally the great nation of Australia!
The deal with North Korea is very much in the making and will be if completed a very good one for the World. Time and place to be determined.
We are deeply saddened by the tragic situation in Yountville and mourn the loss of three incredible women who cared for our Veterans.
Chinese President XI XINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful!
Congratulations to Kristian Saucier a man who has served proudly in the Navy on your newly found Freedom. Now you can go out and have the life you deserve!
Chinese President XI JINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea. President XI told me he appreciates that the U.S. is working to solve the problem diplomatically rather than going with the ominous alternative. China continues to be helpful!
Spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan who is very enthusiastic about talks with North Korea. Also discussing opening up Japan to much better trade with the U.S. Currently have a massive $100 Billion Trade Deficit. Not fair or sustainable. It will all work out!
Heading to Moon Township Pennsylvania to be with a really good person State Representative Rick Saccone who is running for Congress. Big amp; happy crowd (why not some of the best economic numbers ever). Rick will help me a lot. Also tough on crime amp; border. Loves 2nd A amp; VETS
North Korea has not conducted a Missile Test since November 28 2017 and has promised not to do so through our meetings. I believe they will honor that commitment!
In the first hours after hearing that North Koreas leader wanted to meet with me to talk denuclearization and that missile launches will end the press was startled amp; amazed.They couldnt believe it. But by the following morning the news became FAKE.They said so what who cares!
The European Union wonderful countries who treat the U.S. very badly on trade are complaining about the tariffs on Steel amp; Aluminum. If they drop their horrific barriers amp; tariffs on U.S. products going in we will likewise drop ours. Big Deficit. If not we Tax Cars etc. FAIR!
Join me LIVE in Moon Township Pennsylvania at 7:00pmE. Great crowd for a #MAGA rally! crowd in Moon Township Pennsylvania tonight. Thank you! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Rick  Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Failing New York Times purposely wrote a false story stating that I am unhappy with my legal team on the Russia case and am going to add another lawyer to help out. Wrong. I am VERY happy with my lawyers John Dowd Ty Cobb and Jay Sekulow. They are doing a great job and.....
...have shown conclusively that there was no Collusion with Russia..just excuse for losing. The only Collusion was that done by the DNC the Democrats and Crooked Hillary. The writer of the story Maggie Haberman a Hillary flunky knows nothing about me and is not given access.
The Republicans are 5-0 in recent Congressional races a point which the Fake News Media continuously fails to mention. I backed and campaigned for all of the winners. They give me credit for one. Hopefully Rick Saccone will be another big win on Tuesday.
The Democrats continue to Obstruct the confirmation of hundreds of good and talented people who are needed to run our government...A record in U.S. history. State Department Ambassadors and many others are being slow walked. Senate must approve NOW!
Rasmussen and others have my approval ratings at around 50 which is higher than Obama and yet the political pundits love saying my approval ratings are somewhat low. They know they are lying when they say it. Turn off the show - FAKE NEWS!
Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross will be speaking with representatives of the European Union about eliminating the large Tariffs and Barriers they use against the U.S.A. Not fair to our farmers and manufacturers.
Very strong improvement and strengthening of background checks will be fully backed by White House. Legislation moving forward. Bump Stocks will soon be out. Highly trained expert teachers will be allowed to conceal carry subject to State Law. Armed guards OK deterrent!.......
....On 18 to 21 Age Limits watching court cases and rulings before acting. States are making this decision. Things are moving rapidly on this but not much political support (to put it mildly).
If schools are mandated to be gun free zones violence and danger are given an open invitation to enter. Almost all school shootings are in gun free zones. Cowards will only go where there is no deterrent!
The Pittsburgh Post Gazette just endorsed Rick Saccone for Congress. He will be much better for steel and business. Very strong on experience and what our Country needs. Lamb will always vote for Pelosi and Dems....Will raise taxes weak on Crime and Border.
It was my great honor to welcome the 2017 World Series Champion Houston  to the  #HoustonStrong  HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HAS AFTER A 14 MONTH LONG IN-DEPTH INVESTIGATION FOUND NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION OR COORDINATION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA TO INFLUENCE THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION.
The Economy is raging at an all time high and is set to get even better. Jobs and wages up. Vote for Rick Saccone and keep it going!
Mike Pompeo Director of the CIA will become our new Secretary of State. He will do a fantastic job! Thank you to Rex Tillerson for his service! Gina Haspel will become the new Director of the CIA and the first woman so chosen. Congratulations to all!
Heading to see the BORDER WALL prototypes in California!  to the Center for Immigration Studies the $18 billion wall will pay for itself by curbing the importation of crime drugs and illegal immigrants who tend to go on the federal dole...  sanctuary policies are illegal and unconstitutional and put the safety and security of our entire nation at risk. Thousands of dangerous amp; violent criminal aliens are released as a result of sanctuary policies set free to prey on innocent Americans. THIS MUST STOP!
If we dont have a wall system were not going to have a country. Congress must fund the BORDER WALL amp; prohibit grants to sanctuary jurisdictions that threaten the security of our country amp; the people of our country. We must enforce our laws amp; protect our people! #BuildTheWall  was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Core Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military straight from the heart of the American People: We support you we thank you we love you - and we will always have your back!  was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Corps Air Station Miramar to our GREAT U.S. Military straight from the heart of the American People: We support you we thank you we love you - and we will always have your back!  across this nation we pray for our country and we THANK GOD for our United States Marines! Thank you. God Bless You. And God Bless America!  of good people including very important Ambassadors and Judges are being blocked andor slow walked by the Democrats in the Senate. Many important positions in Government are unfilled because of this obstruction. Worst in U.S. history!
Perhaps at no time in history have the business fundamentals of U.S. companies been better than they are today!
Five of our incredible  Secretaries are testifying on the Hill this morning on the need to rebuild our Nations crumbling infrastructure. We need to build FAST amp; we need to build for our FUTURE. Thank you  for hosting this hearing! #InfrastructureInAmerica
We cannot keep a blind eye to the rampant unfair trade practices against our Country!
Thank you for hosting! #MAGA  the House took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the STOP School Violence Act. We must put the safety of America's children FIRST by improving training and by giving schools and law enforcement better tools. A tragedy like Parkland can't happen ever again!
Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  was wonderful to be back in Missouri where our push for historic TAX CUTS all began. Six months ago I promised that we would cut taxes to bring Main Street roaring back - and that is exactly what is happening!  join me with your thoughts and prayers for both aviators their families and our incredible   Kudlow will be my Chief Economic Advisor as Director of the National Economic Council. Our Country will have many years of Great Economic amp; Financial Success with low taxes unparalleled innovation fair trade and an ever expanding labor force leading the way! #MAGA
We do have a Trade Deficit with Canada as we do with almost all countries (some of them massive). P.M. Justin Trudeau of Canada a very good guy doesnt like saying that Canada has a Surplus vs. the U.S.(negotiating) but they do...they almost all do...and thats how I know!
RT  Yesterday five  Secretaries testified on the Hill on the need to rebuild our Nation's crumbling infrastructure. Pr
It was my honor to welcome Prime Minister Leo Varadkar of Ireland to the   to monitor the heartbreaking bridge collapse at FIU - so tragic. Many brave First Responders rushed in to save lives. Thank you for your courage. Praying this evening for all who are affected.
President Donald J. Trump Delivers Remarks at the ShamrockBowl Presentation by Prime Minister Varadkar in the East Room of the White House   thoughts and prayers go out to the families and loved ones of the brave troops lost in the helicopter crash on the Iraq-Syria border yesterday. Their sacrifice in service to our country will never be forgotten.
It would be great for the Republican Party of Nevada and its unity if good guy Danny Tarkanian would run for Congress and Dean Heller who is doing a really good job could run for Senate unopposed!
U.S. Consumer Confidence Hits 14-Year High  McCabe FIRED a great day for the hard working men and women of the FBI - A great day for Democracy. Sanctimonious James Comey was his boss and made McCabe look like a choirboy. He knew all about the lies and corruption going on at the highest levels of the FBI!
Happy #StPatricksDay  the House Intelligence Committee has concluded there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign. As many are now finding out however there was tremendous leaking lying and corruption at the highest levels of the FBI Justice amp; State. #DrainTheSwamp
The Fake News is beside themselves that McCabe was caught called out and fired. How many hundreds of thousands of dollars was given to wifes campaign by Crooked H friend Terry M who was also under investigation? How many lies? How many leaks? Comey knew it all and much more!
The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime. It was based on fraudulent activities and a Fake Dossier paid for by Crooked Hillary and the DNC and improperly used in FISA COURT for surveillance of my campaign. WITCH HUNT!
Wow watch Comey lie under oath to Senator G when asked have you ever been an anonymous source...or known someone else to be an anonymous source...? He said strongly never no. He lied as shown clearly on  very little time with Andrew McCabe but he never took notes when he was with me. I dont believe he made memos except to help his own agenda probably at a later date. Same with lying James Comey. Can we call them Fake Memos?
Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats some big Crooked Hillary supporters and Zero Republicans? Another Dem recently added...does anyone think this is fair? And yet there is NO COLLUSION!
. on  now! Great! 8:18 A.M.
A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!
RT  The opioid crisis has created stories of despair of shock but also stories of recovery amp; hope. President Trump is asking e
The Democrats do not want to help DACA. Would be so easy to make a deal!
Our Nation was founded by farmers. Our independence was won by farmers. And our continent was tamed by farmers. Our farmers always lead the way -- we are PROUD of them and we are DELIVERING for them! #NationalAgricultureDay
AUSTIN BOMBING SUSPECT IS DEAD. Great job by law enforcement and all concerned!
Department of Justice should have urged the Supreme Court to at least hear the Drivers License case on illegal immigrants in Arizona. I agree with  Should have sought review.
Special Council is told to find crimes wether crimes exist or not. I was opposed the the selection of Mueller to be Special Council I still am opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because.....
...there was no probable cause for believing that there was any crime collusion or otherwise or obstruction of justice!  So stated by Harvard Law Professor Alan Dershowitz.
Special Council is told to find crimes whether a crime exists or not. I was opposed to the selection of Mueller to be Special Council. I am still opposed to it. I think President Trump was right when he said there never should have been a Special Council appointed because.....
I called President Putin of Russia to congratulate him on his election victory (in past Obama called him also). The Fake News Media is crazed because they wanted me to excoriate him. They are wrong! Getting along with Russia (and others) is a good thing not a bad thing.......
.....They can help solve problems with North Korea Syria Ukraine ISIS Iran and even the coming Arms Race. Bush tried to get along but didnt have the smarts. Obama and Clinton tried but didnt have the energy or chemistry (remember RESET). PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH!
Got $1.6 Billion to start Wall on Southern Border rest will be forthcoming. Most importantly got $700 Billion to rebuild our Military $716 Billion next year...most ever. Had to waste money on Dem giveaways in order to take care of military pay increase and new equipment.
Democrats refused to take care of DACA. Would have been so easy but they just didnt care. I had to fight for Military and start of Wall.
Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy. Actually he is weak both mentally and physically and yet he threatens me for the second time with physical assault. He doesnt know me but he would go down fast and hard crying all the way. Dont threaten people Joe!
Remember when they were saying during the campaign that Donald Trump is giving great speeches and drawing big crowds but he is spending much less money and not using social media as well as Crooked Hillarys large and highly sophisticated staff. Well not saying that anymore!
RT  Greetings from   a candidate I pledged that if elected I would use every lawful tool to combat unfair trade protect American workers and defend our national security.  Today we took another critical step to fulfill that commitment.   honor Charlie - thank you! #MAGA  am pleased to announce that effective 4918  will be my new National Security Advisor. I am very thankful for the service of General H.R. McMaster who has done an outstanding job amp; will always remain my friend. There will be an official contact handover on 49.
House Intelligence Committee votes to release final report. FINDINGS: (1) No evidence provided of Collusion between Trump Campaign amp; Russia. (2)  The Obama Administrations Post election response was insufficient. (3) Clapper provided inconsistent testimony on media contacts.
DACA was abandoned by the Democrats. Very unfair to them! Would have been tied to desperately needed Wall.
I am considering a VETO of the Omnibus Spending Bill based on the fact that the 800000 plus DACA recipients have been totally abandoned by the Democrats (not even mentioned in Bill) and the BORDER WALL which is desperately needed for our National Defense is not fully funded.
News conference at the White House concerning the Omnibus Spending Bill.  1:00 P.M.
Obama Administration legalized bump stocks. BAD IDEA. As I promised today the Department of Justice will issue the rule banning BUMP STOCKS with a mandated comment period. We will BAN all devices that turn legal weapons into illegal machine guns.
As a matter of National Security I've signed the Omnibus Spending Bill. I say to Congress: I will NEVER sign another bill like this again. To prevent this omnibus situation from ever happening again I'm calling on Congress to give me a line-item veto for all govt spending bills!  thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible attack in France yesterday and we grieve the nations loss. We also condemn the violent actions of the attacker and anyone who would provide him support. We are with you  honors a great hero. Officer died after bravely swapping places with hostage in ISIS related terror attack. So much bravery around the world constantly fighting radical Islamic terrorism. Even stronger measures needed especially at borders!
Because of the $700 amp; $716 Billion Dollars gotten to rebuild our Military many jobs are created and our Military is again rich. Building a great Border Wall with drugs (poison) and enemy combatants pouring into our Country is all about National Defense. Build WALL through M!
Much can be done with the $1.6 Billion given to building and fixing the border wall. It is just a down payment. Work will start immediately. The rest of the money will come - and remember DACA the Democrats abandoned you (but we will not)!
Many lawyers and top law firms want to represent me in the Russia case...dont believe the Fake News narrative that it is hard to find a lawyer who wants to take this on. Fame amp; fortune will NEVER be turned down by a lawyer though some are conflicted. Problem is that a new......
....lawyer or law firm will take months to get up to speed (if for no other reason than they can bill more) which is unfair to our great country - and I am very happy with my existing team. Besides there was NO COLLUSION with Russia except by Crooked Hillary and the Dems!
Happy National #MedalOfHonorDay to our HEROES. We love you!  Donald J. Trump Proclaims March 25 2018 as Greek Independence Day: A National Day of Celebration of Greek and American Democracy   just wrote a book which everyone is talking about. He was a great help. He is a veteran journalist who had a great influence in NH and beyond. He calls it the most amazing political campaign of modern times. The book is called What Really Happened. Enjoy! #MAGA  economy is looking really good. It has been many years that we have seen these kind of numbers. The underlying strength of companies has perhaps never been better.
So much Fake News. Never been more voluminous or more inaccurate. But through it all our country is doing great!
Great news! #MAGA  talks going on with numerous countries that for many years have not treated the United States fairly. In the end all will be happy!
RT  Because of the $700 amp; $716 Billion Dollars gotten to rebuild our Military many jobs are created and our Military is a
I am very pleased to welcome the opioid memorial to the President's Park in April. I encourage all to visit and remember those who we have lost to this deadly epidemic. We will keep fighting until we defeat the opioid crisis!  SECOND AMENDMENT WILL NEVER BE REPEALED! As much as Democrats would like to see this happen and despite the words yesterday of former Supreme Court Justice Stevens NO WAY. We need more Republicans in 2018 and must ALWAYS hold the Supreme Court!
For years and through many administrations everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula was not even a small possibility. Now there is a good chance that Kim Jong Un will do what is right for his people and for humanity. Look forward to our meeting!
Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM looks forward to his meeting with me. In the meantime and unfortunately maximum sanctions and pressure must be maintained at all cost!
. just announced an agreement in principle with South Korea on KORUS! A great deal for American and Korean workers. Lets now focus on our important security relationship.
My Administration stands in solidarity with the brave citizens in Orange County defending their rights against California's illegal and unconstitutional Sanctuary policies. California's Sanctuary laws....
....release known dangerous criminals into communities across the State. All citizens have the right to be protected by Federal law and strong borders.
Great briefing this afternoon on the start of our Southern Border WALL!  am pleased to announce that I intend to nominate highly respected Admiral Ronny L. Jackson MD as the new Secretary of Veterans Affairs....
....In the interim Hon. Robert Wilkie of DOD will serve as Acting Secretary. I am thankful for Dr. David Shulkins service to our country and to our GREAT VETERANS!
I have stated my concerns with Amazon long before the Election. Unlike others they pay little or no taxes to state amp; local governments use our Postal System as their Delivery Boy (causing tremendous loss to the U.S.) and are putting many thousands of retailers out of business!
We are going to REBUILD our crumbling infrastructure and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in the Great State of Ohio. A tremendous honor to be here today at a state-of-the-art training site where the skills of the American Worker are forged and refined!  JOBS JOBS! Unemployment claims have fallen to a 45-year low. Together we are making the economy great again!  spent trillions building up foreign countries while allowing OUR OWN infrastructure to fall into a state of total disrepair. No more! It's time to REBUILD and we will do it with American WORKERS American GRIT and American PRIDE!  we are on the subject it is reported that the U.S. Post Office will lose $1.50 on average for each package it delivers for Amazon. That amounts to Billions of Dollars. The Failing N.Y. Times reports that the size of the companys lobbying staff has ballooned and that...
...does not include the Fake Washington Post which is used as a lobbyist and should so  REGISTER. If the P.O. increased its parcel rates Amazons shipping costs would rise by $2.6 Billion. This Post Office scam must stop. Amazon must pay real costs (and taxes) now!
Governor Jerry Moonbeam Brown pardoned 5 criminal illegal aliens whose crimes include (1) Kidnapping and Robbery (2) Badly beating wife and threatening a crime with intent to terrorize (3) Dealing drugs. Is this really what the great people of California want?  EASTER!
Border Patrol Agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the Border because of ridiculous liberal (Democrat) laws like Catch amp; Release. Getting more dangerous. Caravans coming. Republicans must go to Nuclear Option to pass tough laws NOW. NO MORE DACA DEAL!
Mexico is doing very little if not NOTHING at stopping people from flowing into Mexico through their Southern Border and then into the U.S. They laugh at our dumb immigration laws. They must stop the big drug and people flows or I will stop their cash cow NAFTA. NEED WALL!
These big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of DACA. They want in on the act!
Mexico has the absolute power not to let these large Caravans of people enter their country. They must stop them at their Northern Border which they can do because their border laws work not allow them to pass through into our country which has no effective border laws.....
...Congress must immediately pass Border Legislation use Nuclear Option if necessary to stop the massive inflow of Drugs and People. Border Patrol Agents (and ICE) are GREAT but the weak Dem laws dont allow them to do their job. Act now Congress our country is being stolen!
DACA is dead because the Democrats didnt care or act and now everyone wants to get onto the DACA bandwagon... No longer works. Must build Wall and secure our borders with proper Border legislation. Democrats want No Borders hence drugs and crime!
Mexico is making a fortune on NAFTA...They have very strong border laws - ours are pathetic. With all of the money they make from the U.S. hopefully they will stop people from coming through their country and into ours at least until Congress changes our immigration laws!
So funny to watch Fake News Networks among the most dishonest groups of people I have ever dealt with criticize Sinclair Broadcasting for being biased. Sinclair is far superior to CNN and even more Fake NBC which is a total joke.
Only fools or worse are saying that our money losing Post Office makes money with Amazon. THEY LOSE A FORTUNE and this will be changed. Also our fully tax paying retailers are closing stores all over the country...not a level playing field!
So sad that the Department of Justice and the FBI are slow walking or even not giving the unredacted documents requested by Congress. An embarrassment to our country!
An honor to host the Annual  Easter Egg Roll!  Donald J. Trump Proclaims April 2 2018 World Autism Awareness Day  ridiculous as it sounds the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Border back where they came from. A whole big wasted procedure must take place. Mexico amp; Canada have tough immigration laws whereas ours are an Obama joke. ACT CONGRESS
Honduras Mexico and many other countries that the U.S. is very generous to sends many of their people to our country through our WEAK IMMIGRATION POLICIES. Caravans are heading here. Must pass tough laws and build the WALL. Democrats allow open borders drugs and crime!
39 of my nominations including Diplomats to foreign lands have not been confirmed due to Democrat obstruction and delay. At this rate it would take more than 7 years before I am allowed to have these great people start working. Never happened before. Disgraceful!
President Trump's approval rate among likely U.S. voters hit 50 percent on Monday which puts him higher than former President Barack Obama's score at the same point into his first term according to a new poll. Via:    #LightItUpBlue  Fake News Networks those that knowingly have a sick and biased AGENDA are worried about the competition and quality of Sinclair Broadcast. The Fakers at CNN NBC ABC amp; CBS have done so much dishonest reporting that they should only be allowed to get awards for fiction!
The big Caravan of People from Honduras now coming across Mexico and heading to our Weak Laws Border had better be stopped before it gets there. Cash cow NAFTA is in play as is foreign aid to Honduras and the countries that allow this to happen. Congress MUST ACT NOW!
Check out the fact that you cant get a job at ratings challenged  unless you state that you are totally anti-Trump? Little Jeff Zuker whose job is in jeopardy is not having much fun lately. They should clean up and strengthen CNN and get back to honest reporting!
Thank you to Rasmussen for the honest polling. Just hit 50 which is higher than Cheatin Obama at the same time in his Administration.
I am right about Amazon costing the United States Post Office massive amounts of money for being their Delivery Boy. Amazon should pay these costs (plus) and not have them bourne by the American Taxpayer. Many billions of dollars. P.O. leaders dont have a clue (or do they?)!
Today it was my honor to welcome Estonia President  Lithuania President  and Latvia President  to the  Congratulations on your 100th anniversaries of independence! #BalticSummit:   WILL PROTECT OUR SOUTHERN BORDER!  just briefed on the shooting at YouTubes HQ in San Bruno California. Our thoughts and prayers are with everybody involved. Thank you to our phenomenal Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders that are currently on the scene.
Our Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico amp; Canada are very strong. Congress must change these Obama era and other laws NOW! The Democrats stand in our way - they want people to pour into our country unchecked....CRIME! We will be taking strong action today.
We are not in a trade war with China that war was lost many years ago by the foolish or incompetent people who represented the U.S. Now we have a Trade Deficit of $500 Billion a year with Intellectual Property Theft of another $300 Billion. We cannot let this continue!
When youre already $500 Billion DOWN you cant lose!
Our thoughts and prayers are with the four U.S. Marines from the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing who lost their lives in yesterdays Southern California helicopter crash. We pray for their families and our great  we honor Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. on the 50th anniversary of his assassination. Earlier this year I spoke about Dr. Kings legacy of justice and peace and his impact on uniting Americans. #MLK50 Proclamation:   Rising: Rasmussen Poll Shows Donald Trump Approval Ratings Now at 51 Percent  Caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of Mexico and their willingness to use them so as not to cause a giant scene at our Border. Because of the Trump Administrations actions Border crossings are at a still UNACCEPTABLE 46 year low. Stop drugs!
The Fake News Washington Post Amazons chief lobbyist has another (of many) phony headlines Trump Defiant As China Adds Trade Penalties. WRONG! Should read Trump Defiant as U.S. Adds Trade Penalties Will End Barriers And Massive  I.P. Theft. Typically bad reporting!
Thanks to our historic TAX CUTS America is open for business and millions of American workers are seeing more take-home pay through higher wages salaries and bonuses!  you  Jim Justice. It was my great honor to be with the amazing people of West Virginia today! #MAGA  the Aluminum Tariffs Aluminum prices are DOWN 4. People are surprised Im not! Lots of money coming into U.S. coffers and Jobs Jobs Jobs!
RT  We are not in a trade war with China that war was lost many years ago by the foolish or incompetent people who repr
China which is a great economic power is considered a Developing Nation within the World Trade Organization. They therefore get tremendous perks and advantages especially over the U.S. Does anybody think this is fair. We were badly represented. The WTO is unfair to U.S.
Do you believe that the Fake News Media is pushing hard on a story that I am going to replace A.G. Jeff Sessions with EPA Chief Scott Pruitt who is doing a great job but is TOTALLY under siege? Do people really believe this stuff? So much of the media is dishonest and corrupt!
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS!  founder: Trump's economy is bringing black workers back into the labor force  to  on their new  morning radio show in New York City. It was an honor to join you two  good luck!  spoke to  to pay my highest respect and condolences to the families of the terrible Humboldt Team tragedy. May God be with them all!
The United States hasnt had a Trade Surplus with China in 40 years. They must end unfair trade take down barriers and charge only Reciprocal Tariffs. The U.S. is losing $500 Billion a year and has been losing Billions of Dollars for decades. Cannot continue!
We are sealing up our Southern Border. The people of our great country want Safety and Security. The Dems have been a disaster on this very important issue!
Lawmakers of the House Judiciary Committee are angrily accusing the Department of Justice of missing the Thursday Deadline for turning over UNREDACTED Documents relating to FISA abuse FBI Comey Lynch McCabe Clinton Emails and much more. Slow walking - what is going on? BAD!
What does the Department of Justice and FBI have to hide? Why arent they giving the strongly requested documents (unredacted) to the HOUSE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE? Stalling but for what reason? Not looking good!
Fire at Trump Tower is out. Very confined (well built building). Firemen (and women) did a great job. THANK YOU!
While Security spending was somewhat more than his predecessor Scott Pruitt has received death threats because of his bold actions at EPA. Record clean Air amp; Water while saving USA Billions of Dollars. Rent was about market rate travel expenses OK. Scott is doing a great job!
The FBI closed the case on Hillary which was a rigged investigation. They exonerated her even before they ever interviewed her they never even put her under oath..... and much more. So true Jesse!  Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up made garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources (not names) many of which dont exist. Story on John Kelly isnt true...just another hit job!
The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact. Story after story is made up garbage - more like a poorly written novel than good reporting. Always quoting sources (not names) many of which dont exist. Story on John Kelly isnt true just another hit job!
President Xi and I will always be friends no matter what happens with our dispute on trade. China will take down its Trade Barriers because it is the right thing to do. Taxes will become Reciprocal amp; a deal will be made on Intellectual Property. Great future for both countries!
Many dead including women and children in mindless CHEMICAL attack in Syria. Area of atrocity is in lockdown and encircled by Syrian Army making it completely inaccessible to outside world. President Putin Russia and Iran are responsible for backing Animal Assad. Big price...
....to pay. Open area immediately for medical help and verification. Another humanitarian disaster for no reason whatsoever. SICK!
If President Obama had crossed his stated Red Line In The Sand the Syrian disaster would have ended long ago! Animal Assad would have been history!
Congratulations to Patrick Reed on his great and courageous MASTERS win! When Patrick had his amazing win at Doral 5 years ago people saw his great talent and a bright future ahead. Now he is the Masters Champion!
When a car is sent to the United States from China there is a Tariff to be paid of 2 12. When a car is sent to China from the United States there is a Tariff to be paid of 25. Does that sound like free or fair trade.  No it sounds like STUPID TRADE -  going on for years!
RT  . Trump condemns the heinous attack on innocent Syrians with banned chemical weapons. #Syria  Democrats are not doing whats right for our country. I will not rest until we have secured our borders and restored the rule of law!   meeting at the  this morning!   privilege is dead!
A TOTAL WITCH HUNT!!!
Last night it was my great honor to host Americas senior defense and military leaders for dinner at the White House. Americas military is the GREATEST fighting force in the history of the world. They all have my pledge of unwavering commitment to our men and women in uniform!  thankful for President Xi of Chinas kind words on tarrifs and automobile barriers...also his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together!
Very thankful for President Xi of Chinas kind words on tariffs and automobile barriers...also his enlightenment on intellectual property and technology transfers. We will make great progress together!
Today it was my great honor to welcome the 2017 NCAA Football National Champion Alabama Crimson Tide - to the White House. Congratulations! #RollTide  Failing New York Times wrote another phony story. It was political pundit Doug Schoen not a Ukrainian businessman who asked me to do a short speech by phone (Skype) hosted by Doug in Ukraine. I was very positive about Ukraine-another negative to the Fake Russia  C story!
So much Fake News about what is going on in the White House. Very calm and calculated with a big focus on open and fair trade with China the coming North Korea meeting and of course the vicious gas attack in Syria. Feels great to have Bolton amp; Larry K on board. I (we) are
....doing things that nobody thought possible despite the never ending and corrupt Russia Investigation which takes tremendous time and focus. No Collusion or Obstruction (other than I fight back) so now they do the Unthinkable and RAID a lawyers office for information! BAD!
Russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at Syria. Get ready Russia  because they will be coming nice and new and smart! You shouldnt be partners with a Gas Killing Animal who kills his people and enjoys it!
Our relationship with Russia is worse now than it has ever been and that includes the Cold War. There is no reason for this. Russia needs us to help with their economy something that would be very easy to do and we need all nations to work together. Stop the arms race?
Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by the Fake amp; Corrupt Russia Investigation headed up by the all Democrat loyalists or people that worked for Obama. Mueller is most conflicted of all (except Rosenstein who signed FISA amp; Comey letter). No Collusion so they go crazy!
Speaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man and while he will not be seeking re-election he will leave a legacy of achievement that nobody can question. We are with you Paul!
The  is partnering with  and  to bring the  Prescribed to Death Opioid Memorial to the Ellipse - beginning tomorrow April 12th to April 18th. More information:    . Trump at Signing of #FOSTA #SESTA bill: We are going to do everything in our power to make sure traffickers are brou
Trump just took a giant step towards actual welfare reform  to have Republican Congressional Leadership join me at the  this evening. Lots to discuss as we continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  show tonight on  9:00 P.M. on  I wanted to fire Robert Mueller in December as reported by the Failing New York Times I would have fired him. Just more Fake News from a biased newspaper!
California Governor Jerry Brown is doing the right thing and sending the National Guard to the Border. Thank you Jerry good move for the safety of our Country!
Never said when an attack on Syria would take place. Could be very soon or not so soon at all! In any event the United States under my Administration has done a great job of ridding the region of ISIS. Where is our Thank you America?
Good luck to Mike Pompeo during his Confirmation Hearing today. He will be a great Secretary of State!
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews slaughtered in the Holocaust. With each passing year our duty to remember this atrocity increases as we pledge #NeverAgain. #HolocaustRemembranceDay  have agreed with the historically cooperative disciplined approach that we have engaged in with Robert Mueller (Unlike the Clintons!). I have full confidence in Ty Cobb my Special Counsel and have been fully advised throughout each phase of this process.
Just had an Agricultural Roundtable with memembers of Congress and Governors.I will be making remarks on the large scale TAX CUTS given to American families and workers at 1:45 P.M. from the Rose Garden. Join me live:   you to all of the American workers who travelled here today! This event is dedicated to YOU: the hardworking Americans who make this nation run. You love your country you provide for your family you have PRIDE in your work and you cherish our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG! #TaxCuts  greatest treasure is our people  and my Administration HEARS YOUR VOICE and HAS YOUR BACK. We are fighting to give every American a future of dignity purpose and pride. AMERICAN SPIRIT is back! #TaxCuts  only join TPP if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to Pres. Obama. We already have BILATERAL deals with six of the eleven nations in TPP and are working to make a deal with the biggest of those  nations Japan who has hit us hard on trade for years!
Tremendous pressure is building like never before for the Border Wall and an end to crime cradling Sanctuary Cities. Started the Wall in San Diego where the people were pushing really hard to get it. They will soon be protected!
James Comey is a proven LEAKER amp; LIAR. Virtually everyone in Washington thought he should be fired for the terrible job he did-until he was in fact fired. He leaked CLASSIFIED information for which he should be prosecuted. He lied to Congress under OATH. He is a weak and.....
....untruthful slime ball who was as time has proven a terrible Director of the FBI. His handling of the Crooked Hillary Clinton case and the events surrounding it will go down as one of the worst botch jobs of history. It was my great honor to fire James Comey!
We are bringing back our factories we are bringing back our jobs and we are bringing back those four beautiful words: MADE IN THE USA!  just issued the McCabe report - which is a total disaster. He LIED! LIED! LIED! McCabe was totally controlled by Comey - McCabe is Comey!! No collusion all made up by this den of thieves and lowlifes!
 perfectly executed strike last night. Thank you to France and the United Kingdom for their wisdom and the power of their fine Military. Could not have had a better result. Mission Accomplished!
So proud of our great Military which will soon be after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars the finest that our Country has ever had. There wont be anything or anyone even close!
RT    So proud of our great Military which will soon be after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars the fines
Unbelievably James Comey states that Polls where Crooked Hillary was leading were a factor in the handling (stupidly) of the Clinton Email probe. In other words he was making decisions based on the fact that he thought she was going to win and he wanted a job. Slimeball!
The big questions in Comeys badly reviewed book arent answered like how come he gave up Classified Information (jail) why did he lie to Congress (jail) why did the DNC refuse to give Server to the FBI (why didnt they TAKE it) why the phony memos McCabes $700000 amp; more?
Comey throws AG Lynch under the bus! Why cant we all find out what happened on the tarmac in the back of the plane with Wild Bill and Lynch? Was she promised a Supreme Court seat or AG in order to lay off Hillary. No golf and grandkids talk (give us all a break)!
The Syrian raid was so perfectly carried out with such precision that the only way the Fake News Media could demean was by my use of the term Mission Accomplished. I knew they would seize on this but felt it is such a great Military term it should be brought back. Use often!
I never asked Comey for Personal Loyalty. I hardly even knew this guy. Just another of his many lies. His memos are self serving and FAKE!
Attorney Client privilege is now a thing of the past. I have many (too many!) lawyers and they are probably wondering when their offices and even homes are going to be raided with everything including their phones and computers taken. All lawyers are deflated and concerned!
Slippery James Comey a man who always ends up badly and out of whack (he is not smart!) will go down as the WORST FBI Director in history by far!
Just hit 50 in the Rasmussen Poll much higher than President Obama at same point. With all of the phony stories and Fake News its hard to believe! Thank you America we are doing Great Things.
Comey drafted the Crooked Hillary exoneration long before he talked to her (lied in Congress to Senator G) then based his decisions on her poll numbers. Disgruntled he McCabe and the others committed many crimes!
Russia and China are playing the Currency Devaluation game as the U.S. keeps raising interest rates. Not acceptable!
RT  Were in a prime position to defend our majorities in 2018. Lets defy history. #MAGA #LeadRight  Comeys misconduct once led both Republicans and Democrats to call for his firing. His reputation rehabilitation book to
RT  Our entire RNC family offers prayers of comfort and peace for Barbara Bush and the entire Bush family.
RT  Looking forward to traveling to Manchester NH tomorrow with Sec  to celebrate the last #TaxDay under the o
RT  Tomorrow is #TaxDay and the good news is this is the last year you will have to file using the old broken code. Check
RT  Crumbs are still coming. #MAGA is up Taxes are DOWN. Enjoy!
I am in Florida and looking forward to my meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan. Working on Trade and Military Security.
Looks like Jerry Brown and California are not looking for safety and security along their very porous Border. He cannot come to terms for the National Guard to patrol and protect the Border. The high crime rate will only get higher. Much wanted Wall in San Diego already started!
So many people are seeing the benefits of the Tax Cut Bill. Everyone is talking really nice to see!
RT  President Trump's tax cuts will generate greater economic opportunities for all.   Out with the old in with the new: tax cuts and reforms that look out for hardworking taxpayers   Syrian President Bashar al-Assads April 7 attack on innocent civilians violated international law the Chemical Weapons Co
RT  Starting next year you will be able to file under the new tax law which means MORE money in your pocket  all without
RT  Thanks to the historic TRUMP TAX CUTS today marks the last time the American people will file taxes under a complicated amp; outdated
RT  Our Optimism Index reached its 16th consecutive month in the top 5 of 45 years of survey readings  and it was the 1st time in 3
Getting ready to meet Prime Minister Abe of Japan a truly fine gentleman!
Rasmussen just came out at 51 Approval despite the Fake News Media. They were one of the three most accurate on Election Day. Just about the most inaccurate were CNN and ABC NewsWashington Post and they havent changed (get new pollsters). Much of the media is a Scam!
Welcome Prime Minister Abe!  Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens including aggravated felons. This is a public safety crisis that can only be fixed by....
....Congress  House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed from our society. Keep America Safe!
RT  WATCH LIVE:  and  host tax event on Tax Day in New Hampshire. (Courtesy: WBZ)   Great to be with Secretary Mnuchin amp; former Governor Sununu in Derry NH on #TaxDay to highlight the tremendous benefits o
States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers. Very unfair to traditional tax paying stores!
. Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush:  Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush:  is my great honor to host    Andrew Brunson a fine gentleman and Christian leader in the United States is on trial and being persecuted in Turkey for no reason. They call him a Spy but I am more a Spy than he is. Hopefully he will be allowed to come home to his beautiful family where he belongs!
While Japan and South Korea would like us to go back into TPP I dont like the deal for the United States. Too many contingencies and no way to get out if it doesnt work. Bilateral deals are far more efficient profitable and better for OUR workers. Look how bad WTO is to U.S.
RT  ....Congress  House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed f
RT  Todays Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens i
RT  States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers. Very unfair to tr
RT  This years #TaxDay is the last time youll have to file your taxes through an outdated broken system. #BYE-BYE   
There is a Revolution going on in California. Soooo many Sanctuary areas want OUT of this ridiculous crime infested amp; breeding concept. Jerry Brown is trying to back out of the National Guard at the Border but the people of the State are not happy. Want Security amp; Safety NOW!
A sketch years later about a nonexistent man. A total con job playing the Fake News Media for Fools (but they know it)!  Pompeo met with Kim Jong Un in North Korea last week. Meeting went very smoothly and a good relationship was formed. Details of Summit are being worked out now. Denuclearization will be a great thing for World but also for North Korea!
Slippery James Comey the worst FBI Director in history was not fired because of the phony Russia investigation where by the way there was NO COLLUSION (except by the Dems)!
Best wishes to Prime Minister  and all of the people of Israel on the 70th Anniversary of your Great Independence. We have no better friends anywhere. Looking forward to moving our Embassy to Jerusalem next month!
Prime Minister  of Japan and myself this morning building an even deeper and better relationship while playing a quick round of golf at Trump International Golf Club.  working luncheon with U.S. and Japanese Delegations this afternoon!   . Trump thanks Prime Minister  for his support discusses U.S.-Japan cooperation on #NorthKorea defense an
It was my great honor to host my friend   and his delegation at Mar-a-Lago for the past two days. Lots accomplished thank you! #Success  meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan who has just left Florida. Talked in depth about North Korea Military and Trade. Good things will happen!
Thank you San Diego County for defending the rule of law and supporting our lawsuit against California's illegal and unconstitutional 'Sanctuary' policies. California's dangerous policies release violent criminals back into our communities putting all Americans at risk.
Governor Jerry Brown announced he will deploy up to 400 National Guard Troops to do nothing. The crime rate in California is high enough and the Federal Government will not be paying for Governor Browns charade. We need border security and action not words!
Just arrived  Heading to a briefing with the Joint Interagency Task Force South NORTHCOM and SOUTHCOM.  YOU #JIATFSouth   and  Keep up the GREAT work!  is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her. Great on the Military Border Security and Crime. Loves and works hard for the people of Tennessee. She has my full endorsement and I will be there to campaign with her!
Democrats are obstructing good (hopefully great) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our Government hence the American People. They are slow walking all of my nominations - hundreds of people. At this rate it would take 9 years for all approvals!
...Hopefully the Senate will not leave Washington until our Ambassadors Judges and the people who make Washington work are approved. The Democrats are Obstructing the process and we need these people approved for the good of our Country!
Mike Pompeo is outstanding. First in his class at West Point. A top student at Harvard Law School. A success at whatever he has done. We need the Senate to approve Mike ASAP. He will be a great Secretary of State!
My thoughts prayers and condolences are with the families friends and colleagues of the two  deputies (HEROES) who lost their lives in the line of duty today.
Sanctuary Cities released at least 142 Gang Members across the United States making it easy for them to commit all forms of violent crimes where none would have existed. We are doing a great job of law enforcement but things such as this make safety in America difficult!
James Comey just threw Andrew McCabe under the bus. Inspector Generals Report on McCabe is a disaster for both of them! Getting a little (lot) of their own medicine?
James Comey Memos just out and show clearly that there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION. Also he leaked classified information. WOW! Will the Witch Hunt continue?
So General Michael Flynns life can be totally destroyed while Shadey James Comey can Leak and Lie and make lots of money from a third rate book (that should never have been written). Is that really the way life in America is supposed to work? I dont think so!
So exciting! I have agreed to be the Commencement Speaker at our GREAT Naval Academy on May 25th in Annapolis Maryland. Looking forward to being there.
Nancy Pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big Tax Cuts given to the American People by the Republicans...got not one Democrat Vote! Heres a choice. They want to end them and raise your taxes substantially. Republicans are working on making them permanent and more cuts!
Looks like OPEC is at it again. With record amounts of Oil all over the place including the fully loaded ships at sea Oil prices are artificially Very High! No good and will not be accepted!
Can you believe that despite 93 bad stories from the Fake News Media (should be getting good stories) today we had just about our highest Poll Numbers including those on Election Day? The American public is wise to the phony an dishonest press. Make America Great Again!
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI the Wendy Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.
North Korea has agreed to suspend all Nuclear Tests and close up a major test site. This is very good news for North Korea and the World - big progress! Look forward to our Summit.
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats. This can be good news in that we will now counter for the DNC Server that they refused to give to the FBI the Debbie Wasserman Schultz Servers and Documents held by the Pakistani mystery man and Clinton Emails.
James Comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a Special Council? Therefore the Special Council was established based on an illegal act? Really does everybody know what that means?
A message from Kim Jong Un: North Korea will stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missiles.Also will Shut down a nuclear test site in the countrys Northern Side to prove the vow to suspend nuclear tests. Progress being made for all!
The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Habberman known as a Crooked H flunkie who I dont speak to and have nothing to do with are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will flip. They use....
....non-existent sources and a drunkdrugged up loser who hates Michael a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own accountlawyer who I have always liked amp; respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble even if....
....it means lying or making up stories. Sorry I dont see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!
The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Haberman known as a Crooked H flunkie who I dont speak to and have nothing to do with are going out of their way to destroy Michael Cohen and his relationship with me in the hope that he will flip. They use....
....non-existent sources and a drunkdrugged up loser who hates Michael a fine person with a wonderful family. Michael is a businessman for his own accountlawyer who I have always liked amp; respected. Most people will flip if the Government lets them out of trouble even if....
....it means lying or making up stories. Sorry I dont see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!
Join me in Washington Michigan on Saturday April 28 2018 at 7:00pm! #MAGA Tickets:   crowd and great people yesterday in Key West Florida. Thank you!  my thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush family. In memory of First Lady Barbara Bush there is a remembrance display located at her portrait in the Center Hall of the   to the Southern White House to watch the Funeral Service of Barbara Bush. First Lady Melania has arrived in Houston to pay our respects. Will be a beautiful day!
So funny the Democrats have sued the Republicans for Winning. Now he Rs counter and force them to turn over a treasure trove of material including Servers and Emails!
Sylvester Stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson. His trials and tribulations were great his life complex and controversial. Others have looked at this over the years most thought it would be done but yes I am considering a Full Pardon!
James Comeys Memos are Classified I did not Declassify them. They belong to our Government! Therefore he broke the law! Additionally he totally made up many of the things he said I said and he is already a proven liar and leaker. Where are Memos on Clinton Lynch amp; others?
The Washington Post said I refer to Jeff Sessions as Mr. Magoo and Rod Rosenstein as Mr. Peepers. This is according to people with whom the president has spoken. There are no such people and dont know these characters...just more Fake amp; Disgusting News to create ill will!
RT  The same can be said of the "collusion" stuff.  least two Memos Comey shared with a friend contained Classified Information.  Wall Street Journal
GOP Lawmakers asking Sessions to Investigate Comey and Hillary Clinton.    Good luck with that request!
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake News NBC just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with North Korea and they have given up nothing. Wow we havent given up anything amp; they have agreed to denuclearization (so great for World) site closure amp; no more testing!
....We are a long way from conclusion on North Korea maybe things will work out and maybe they wont - only time will tell....But the work I am doing now should have been done a long time ago!
I can die happy now with Trump Job performance stated Mary Matalin. A great overall President stunning! Thank you Mary.
A complete Witch Hunt!
Funny how all of the Pundits that couldnt come close to making a deal on North Korea are now all over the place telling me how to make a deal!
Kim Strassel of the WSJ just said after reviewing the dumb Comey Memos you got to ask what was the purpose of the Special Counsel? Theres no there there. Dan Henninger of the WSJ said Memos would show that this would be one of the weakest obstruction cases ever brought!
Thank you to the incredible Law Enforcement Officers from the Palm Beach County Sheriffs Office. They keep us safe and are very cool about it!  to believe Obstructionists May vote against Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State. The Dems will not approve hundreds of good people including the Ambassador to Germany. They are maxing out the time on approval process for all never happened before. Need more Republicans!
Despite the Democrat inspired laws on Sanctuary Cities and the Border being so bad and one sided I have instructed the Secretary of Homeland Security not to let these large Caravans of people into our Country. It is a disgrace. We are the only Country in the World so naive! WALL
Mexico whose laws on immigration are very tough must stop people from going through Mexico and into the U.S. We may make this a condition of the new NAFTA Agreement. Our Country cannot accept what is happening! Also we must get Wall funding fast.
Heres a great stat - since January 2017 the number of people forced to use food stamps is down 1.9 million. The American people are finally back to work!
RT  PROUD to support our friend  for US Senate representing Tennessee. Marsha Blackburn is a rock-ribbed conservativ
Having great meetings and discussions with my friend President  of France. We are in the midst of meetings on Iran Syria and Trade. We will be holding a joint press conference shortly here at the    stand with you and all of Canada Prime Minister  Our thoughts and prayers are with you all. #TorontoStrong  please get out today and vote  for Congress in #AZ08. Strong on Border Immigration and Crime. Great on the Military. Time is ticking down - get out and VOTE today. We need Debbie in Congress!
President Trump Calls the U.S.-France Relationship Unbreakable. History Shows Hes Right.  has worked so hard on Tax Reductions Illegal Immigration the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic  Senator for the Great State of Ohio and has my full endorsement!
. has worked so hard on Tax Reductions Illegal Immigration the Border and Crime. I need Jim very badly to help our agenda and to keep MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! He will be a fantastic Senator for the Great State of Ohio and has my full endorsement!
Today  Melania and I were honored to welcome French President  and Mrs. Brigitte Macron to the  We look forward to hosting them at tonight's State Dinner in their honor.  two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history culture and destiny. We are people who cherish our values protect our civilization and recognize the image of God in every human soul.   Our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history culture and destiny. We are people who
Congratulations to Republican Debbie Lesko on her big win in the Special Election for Arizona House seat. Debbie will do a Great Job! Press is so silent.
Busy day planned.  Looking forward to watching President Macron of France address a Joint Session of Congress today. This is a great honor and seldom allowed to be done...he will be GREAT!
. did a spectacular job hosting the President of France  and his wife Brigitte. Every detail was done to perfection. The State Dining Room never looked more beautiful and Washington is abuzz over what an incredible job Melania did.
Looking forward to my meeting with Tim Cook of Apple. We will be talking about many things including how the U.S. has been treated unfairly for many years by many countries on trade.
RT  Democrats are obstructing good (hopefully great) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our
Thank you Kanye very cool!   will be interviewed on  at 8:00 A.M. Enjoy!
Loved being on  this morning. Great show!
The U.S. has put together a STRONG bid w Canada amp; Mexico for the 2026 World Cup. It would be a shame if countries that we always support were to lobby against the U.S. bid. Why should we be supporting these countries when they dont support us (including at the United Nations)?
Is everybody believing what is going on. James Comey cant define what a leak is. He illegally leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION but doesnt understand what he did or how serious it is. He lied all over the place to cover it up. Hes either very sick or very dumb. Remember sailor!
After a furious year of missile launches and Nuclear testing a historic meeting between North and South Korea is now taking place. Good things are happening but only time will tell!
KOREAN WAR TO END! The United States and all of its GREAT people should be very proud of what is now taking place in Korea!
So great to have Staff Sgt. Dan Nevins and the incredible WOUNDED WARRIORS with me in the White House yesterday. These are truly brave and special people!  do not forget the great help that my good friend President Xi of China has given to the United States particularly at the Border of North Korea. Without him it would have been a much longer tougher process!
Kanye West has performed a great service to the Black Community - Big things are happening and eyes are being opened for the first time in Decades - Legacy Stuff! Thank you also to Chance and Dr. Darrell Scott they really get it (lowest Black amp; Hispanic unemployment in history).
Look forward to meeting with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany today. So much to discuss so little time! It will be good for both of our great countries!
Just Out: House Intelligence Committee Report released. No evidence that the Trump Campaign colluded coordinated or conspired with Russia. Clinton Campaign paid for Opposition Research obtained from Russia- Wow! A total Witch Hunt! MUST END NOW!
RT  "Today I am honored to welcome Chancellor Angela Merkel back to the White House... We are also pleased to have our newly co
I urge all Americans to participate in #takebackday tomorrow! Lets come together and BEAT last Octobers record of disposed prescription pills! Visit  to learn more on how to participate Saturday and every day.   "So today on behalf of the United States I want to thank every Olympian and Paralympian... To every member of  I
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Councel appointed. Witch Hunt!
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia. As I have been saying all along it is all a big Hoax by the Democrats based on payments and lies. There should never have been a Special Counsel appointed. Witch Hunt!
Allegations made by Senator Jon Tester against AdmiralDoctor Ron Jackson are proving false. The Secret Service is unable to confirm (in fact they deny) any of the phony Democrat charges which have absolutely devastated the wonderful Jackson family. Tester should resign. The.....
....great people of Montana will not stand for this kind of slander when talking of a great human being. Admiral Jackson is the kind of man that those in Montana would most respect and admire and now for no reason whatsoever his reputation has been shattered. Not fair Tester!
Clapper lied about (fraudulent) Dossier leaks to CNN  FoxNews  He is a lying machine who now works for Fake News CNN.
Just had a long and very good talk with President Moon of South Korea. Things are going very well time and location of meeting with North Korea is being set. Also spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan to inform him of the ongoing negotiations.
Look forward to being in the Great State of Michigan tonight. Major business expansion and jobs pouring into your State. Auto companies expanding at record pace. Big crowd tonight will be live on T.V.
Secret Service has just informed me that Senator Jon Testers statements on Admiral Jackson are not true. There were no such findings. A horrible thing that we in D.C. must live with just like phony Russian Collusion. Tester should lose race in Montana. Very dishonest and sick!
Join me LIVE in Washington Michigan at 7:00pmE on  #MAGA
Great evening last night in Washington Michigan. The enthusiasm knowledge and love in that room was unreal. To the many thousands of people who couldnt get in I cherish you....and will be back!
While Washington Michigan was a big success Washington D.C. just didnt work. Everyone is talking about the fact that the White House Correspondents Dinner was a very big boring bust...the so-called comedian really bombed.  should host next year!  got recent Poll - much higher than President O at same time....Well much more has been accomplished!
Trumps Triumphs are driving his critics Crazy! Thank you Steve Hilton  just want to do what is right for our wonderful U.S.A.
The White House Correspondents Dinner was a failure last year but this year was an embarrassment to everyone associated with it. The filthy comedian totally bombed (couldnt even deliver her lines-much like the Seth Meyers weak performance). Put Dinner to rest or start over!
Headline: Kim Prepared to Cede Nuclear Weapons if U.S. Pledges Not to Invade - from the Failing New York Times. Also will shut down Nuclear Test Site in May.
The White House Correspondents Dinner is DEAD as we know it. This was a total disaster and an embarrassment to our great Country and all that it stands for. FAKE NEWS is alive and well and beautifully represented on Saturday night!
Numerous countries are being considered for the MEETING but would Peace HouseFreedom House on the Border of North amp; South Korea be a more Representative Important and Lasting site than a third party country? Just asking!
I recently had a terrific meeting with a bipartisan group of freshman lawmakers who feel very strongly in favor of Congressional term limits. I gave them my full support and endorsement for their efforts. #DrainTheSwamp
The migrant caravan that is openly defying our border shows how weak amp; ineffective U.S. immigration laws are. Yet Democrats like Jon Tester continue to support the open borders agenda  Tester even voted to protect Sanctuary Cities. We need lawmakers who will put America First.
During Small Business Week we celebrate the great hard-working entrepreneurs across our country who have started and operate a small business!
The Fake News is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources (who dont exist). They are totally unhinged and the great success of this Administration is making them do and say things that even they cant believe they are saying. Truly bad people!
The White House is running very smoothly despite phony Witch Hunts etc. There is great Energy and unending Stamina both necessary to get things done. We are accomplishing the unthinkable and setting positive records while doing so! Fake News is going bonkers!
So disgraceful that the questions concerning the Russian Witch Hunt were leaked to the media. No questions on Collusion. Oh I see...you have a made up phony crime Collusion that never existed and an investigation begun with illegally leaked classified information. Nice!
Delegation heading to China to begin talks on the Massive Trade Deficit that has been created with our Country. Very much like North Korea this should have been fixed years ago not now. Same with other countries and NAFTA...but it will all get done. Great Potential for USA!
It would seem very hard to obstruct justice for a crime that never happened! Witch Hunt!
Yesterday it was my great honor to welcome President  of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to the   I had the great honor of awarding the Commander-in-Chiefs Trophy for the first time in 21 years to the  Black Knights at the  Congratulations!   it was my great honor to thank and welcome heroic crew members and passengers of Southwest Airlines Flight 1380 at the   was no Collusion (it is a Hoax) and there is no Obstruction of Justice (that is a setup amp; trap). What there is is Negotiations going on with North Korea over Nuclear War Negotiations going on with China over Trade Deficits Negotiations on NAFTA and much more. Witch Hunt!
The questions are an intrusion into the Presidents Article 2  powers under the Constitution to fire any Executive Branch Employee...what the President was thinking is an outrageous.....as to the Presidents unfettered power to fire anyone... Joe Digenova former US Attorney
NEW BOOK - A MUST READ! The Russia Hoax - The Illicit Scheme to Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump by the brilliant Fox News Legal Analyst Gregg Jarrett. A sad chapter for law enforcement. A rigged system!
A Rigged System - They dont want to turn over Documents to Congress. What are they afraid of? Why so much redacting? Why such unequal justice? At some point I will have no choice but to use the powers granted to the Presidency and get involved!
Congratulations   have been briefed on the U.S. C-130 Hercules cargo plane from the Puerto Rico National Guard that crashed near Savannah Hilton Head International Airport. Please join me in thoughts and prayers for the victims their families and the great men and women of the National Guard.